...a wise and frugal government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, which shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government.   -Thomas Jefferson
...adults are just obsolete children, and the hell with them.   -Theodor Seuss Geisel
A Canadian is someone who knows how to make love in a canoe.   -Pierre Berton
A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected.   -George Bernard Shaw
A President cannot always be popular.   -Harry Truman
A `geek` by definition is someone who eats live animals....I`ve never eaten live animals.   -Crispin Glover
A baby is God`s opinion that life should go on.   -Carl Sandburg
A bad peace is even worse than war.   -Tacitus 
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.   -Robert Frost
A bore is a fellow who opens his mouth and puts his feats in it.   -Henry Ford
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor kind of business.   -Henry Ford
A censor is a man who knows more than he thinks you ought to.   -Laurence Peter
A clever man commits no minor blunders.    - Goethe 
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin.   -Henry Mencken
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.   -Ogden Nash
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.   -Oscar Wilde
A facility for quotation covers the absence of original thought.   -Peter Wimsey
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.   -Adlai Stevenson
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.    - John D. Rockefeller 
A good book is the best of friends, the same to-day and for ever.   -Martin Farquhar Tupper
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.   -Benjamin Franklin
A good photograph is knowing where to stand.   -Ansel Adams
A grave is a place where the dead are laid to await the coming of the medical student.   -Ambrose Bierce
A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep.   -Saul Bellow
A hat should be taken off when you greet a lady and left off for the rest of your life. Nothing looks more stupid than a hat.   -P.J. O'Rourke
A hero is no braver than an ordinary person, but he is braver five minutes longer.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A joyful heart is like the sunshine of God`s love, the hope of eternal happiness.   -Mother Teresa
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.   -Robert Frost
A leader is a dealer in hope.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances.   -George Patton
A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.   -Robert Frost
A lie cannot live.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.    - Sir Winston Churchill 
A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying, but a life in which adventure is allowed to take whatever form it will is sure to be short.   -Bertrand Russell
A little government and a little luck are necessary in life, but only a fool trusts either of them.   -P.J. O'Rourke
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation.    - H. H. Munro 
A little patience, and we shall see the reign of witches pass over, their spells dissolve, and the people, recovering their true sight, restore their government to its true principles. It is true that in the meantime we are suffering deeply in spirit, and incurring the horrors of a war and long oppressions of enormous public debt...If the game runs sometime against us at home, we must have patience till luck turns, and then we shall have an opportunity of winning back the principles we have lost, for this is a game where principles are at stake.   -Thomas Jefferson
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.   -Thomas Paine
A man can no more diminish God`s glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word, `darkness` on the walls of his cell.   -C.S. Lewis
A man can stand anything except a succession of ordinary days.   -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A man can`t be too careful in the choice of his enemies.   -Oscar Wilde
A man doesnt want a child he is a dead beat dad. A woman doesnt want a child she is pro choice.   -Author Unknown
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he`s finished.   -Zsa Zsa Gabor
A man may be loyal to his government and yet oppose the particular principles and methods of administration.   -Abraham Lincoln
A man never lies as much as after a hunt, during a war, and before an election.   -Otto von Bismarck
A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing.   -Oscar Wilde
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education he may steal the whole railroad.   -Theodore Roosevelt
A man who is eating or lying with his wife or preparing to go to sleep in humility, thankfulness and temperance, is, by Christian standards, in an infinitely higher state than one who is listening to Bach or reading Plato in a state of pride.   -C.S. Lewis
A man will be imprisoned in a room with a door that`s unlocked and opens inwards; as long as it does not occur to him to pull rather than push.   -Ludwig Wittgenstein
A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle.   -Benjamin Franklin
A man, Sir, should keep his friendship in constant repair.   -Samuel Johnson
A man`s ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death.   -Albert Einstein
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.    - Paul Erdos 
A myth is a religion in which no one any longer believes.   -James Feibleman
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.    - Gore Vidal
A nation or civilization that continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on the installment plan.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
A nation which can prefer disgrace to danger is prepared for a master, and deserves one!   -Alexander Hamilton
A novel is balanced between a few true impressions and the multitude of false ones that make up most of what we call life.   -Saul Bellow
A penny saved is a penny earned.   -Benjamin Franklin
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.    - Dwight D. Eisenhower 
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.   -Alexandre Dumas
A pessimist is a man who looks both ways when he crosses the street.   -Laurence Peter
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.   -Robert Frost
A poet more than thirty years old is simply an overgrown child.   -Henry Mencken
A poet needs a pen, a painter a brush, and a filmmaker an army.   -Orson Welles
A poor but humble man who gives nothing to charity is preferrable to a rich but haughty man who does.   -Nachman of Bratslav
A popular Government without popular information or the means of acquiring it, is but a Prologue to a Farce or a Tragedy or perhaps both. Knowledge will forever govern ignorance, and a people who mean to be their own Governors, must arm themselves with the power knowledge gives.   -James Madison
A reasonable man adapts himself to his environment. An unreasonable man persists in attempting to adapt his environment to suit himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.   -George Bernard Shaw
A right delayed is a right denied.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, -- a mere heart of stone.   -Charles Darwin
A second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.   -Samuel Johnson
A shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.   -Carl Jung
A silly idea is current that good people do not know what temptation means. This is an obvious lie. Only those who try to resist temptation know how strong it is... A man who gives in to temptation after five minutes simply does not know what it would have been like an hour later. That is why bad people, in one sense, know very little about badness. They have lived a sheltered life by always giving in.   -C.S. Lewis
A single lie destroys a whole reputation of integrity.   -Baltasar Gracian
A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear.   -Jack Nicholson
A stream cannot rise larger than its source.   -Theodore Roosevelt
A thing moderately good is not so good as it ought to be. Moderation in temper is always a virtue, but moderation in principle is always a vice.   -Thomas Paine
A very quiet and tasteful way to be famous is to have a famous relation. Then you can not only be nothing, you can do nothing, too.   -P.J. O'Rourke
A witty saying proves nothing.    - Voltaire 
A woman isn`t complete without a man. But where do you find a man - a real man - these days?   -Lauren Bacall
Ability is a poor man`s wealth.   -John Wooden
Ability is nothing without opportunity.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Absence and death are the same - only that in death there is no suffering.   -Theodore Roosevelt
Absence is to love as wind is to fire; It extinguishes the small and kindles the great.   -Roger de Bussy-Rabutin
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.   -Benjamin Franklin
Abuse, if you slight it, will gradually die away; but if you show yourself irritated, you will be thought to have deserved it.   -Tacitus 
Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn`t interfere with what you intended to do in the first place.   -Gene Brown
Actors are one family over the entire world.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
Adversity is the state in which man mostly easily becomes acquainted with himself, being especially free of admirers then.   -John Wooden
Advertising is the most fun you can have with your clothes on.   -Bill Cosby
Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don’t write about Man, write about `a` man.   -E.B. White
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music.   -Aldous Huxley
Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain.    - Friedrich von Schiller 
Age does not always bring wisdom. Sometimes age comes alone.   -Garrison Keillor
Age does not protect you from love, but love to some extent protects you from age.   -Jeanne Moreau
Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man`s genitals through his wallet.   -Robin Williams
Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusion is called a philosopher.    - Ambrose Bierce 
All art is but imitation of nature.   -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
All art is quite useless.   -Oscar Wilde
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.   -Pablo Picasso
All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end.   -Tacitus 
All glory is fleeting.   -George Patton
All good art is about something deeper than it admits.   -Roger Ebert
All great truths begin as blasphemies.   -George Bernard Shaw
All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.   -Calvin Coolidge
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.   -Benjamin Franklin
All men are not homeless, but some men are home less than others.   -Henny Youngman
All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood.   -George Patton
All praise is to Allah, I`ll fight any man, any animal, if Jesus were here I`d fight him too.   -Mike Tyson
All that is gold does not glitter; not all those that wander are lost.   -J.R.R. Tolkien
All that is not eternal is eternally out of date.   -C.S. Lewis
All the people throughout my life who were naysayers pissed me off. But they`ve all given me a fervor; an angry ambition that cannot be stopped - and I look forward to finding a therapist and working on that.   -Tobey Maguire
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.    - Arthur Schopenhauer 
All virtue is summed up in dealing justly.   -Aristotle 
All war is deception.   -Sun Tzu
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other thing.   -Abraham Lincoln
Always do right - this will gratify some and astonish the rest.   -Mark Twain
Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness.   -Baltasar Gracian
Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus`s-flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won`t bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.   -Jack Handey
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.   -Siddhartha Buddha
America is a country that doesn`t know where it is going but is determined to set a speed record getting there.   -Laurence Peter
America is a land of taxation that was founded to avoid taxation.   -Laurence Peter
America is a large friendly dog in a small room. Every time it wags its tail it knocks over a chair.   -Arnold Toynbee
America is an enormous frosted cupcake in the middle of millions of starving people.   -Gloria Steinem
America is no stronger than its people - and that means you and me. Well, I believe in you, and I believe that if we work together then one day we will say, ``We fought the good fight. We finished the race We kept the faith.`` And to our children and our children`s children we can say, ``We did all that could be done in the brief time that was given to us here on earth.   -Ronald Reagan
America is the first country to have gone from barbarism to decadence without the usual intervening period of civilization.   -Oscar Wilde
America is the only country ever founded on a creed.   -GK Chesterton
America will never seek a permission slip to defend the security of our people.   -George W. Bush
Americans learn only from catastrophe and not from experience.   -Theodore Roosevelt
Among the natural rights of the colonists are these: First a right to life, secondly to liberty, and thirdly to property; together with the right to defend them in the best manner they can.   -Samuel Adams
An actor`s a guy, who if you ain`t talking about him, ain`t listening.   -Marlon Brando
An angry man is unfit to pray.   -Nachman of Bratslav
An atheist is one who hopes the Lord will do nothing to disturb his disbelief.   -Franklin Jones
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn`t happen today.   -Laurence Peter
An editor is someone who separates the wheat from the chaff and then prints the chaff.   -Adlai Stevenson
An engagement should come on a young girl as a surprise, pleasant or unpleasant, as the case may be. It is hardly a matter that she could be allowed to arrange for herself.   -Oscar Wilde
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.   -Siddhartha Buddha
An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered.    - Gilbert Keith Chesterton 
An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows.   -Dwight Eisenhower
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex.   -Aldous Huxley
An unexamined life is not worth living.   -Socrates 
An unjust punishment is never forgotten.   -Penelope Fitzgerald
An unlimited power to tax involves, necessarily, the power to destroy.   -Daniel Webster
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.   -GK Chesterton
Anger as soon as fed is dead. `Tis starving makes it fat.   -Emily Dickinson
Anger is one of the sinews of the soul; he that wants it hath a maimed mind.   -Benjamin Franklin
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten.   -Siddhartha Buddha
Any fool can make a rule.   -Henry Thoreau
Any man who is under 30, and is not a liberal, has no heart; and any man who is over 30, and is not a conservative, has no brains.   -Winston Churchill
Any man who is under 30, and is not a liberal, has not heart; and any man who is over 30, and is not a conservative, has no brains.    - Sir Winston Churchill 
Any man`s death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind; And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.   -John Donne
Any stupid ass can die. That`s easy. Living is tough.   -Jack LaLanne
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin.    - John von Neumann 
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.   -Albert Einstein
Anyone who says that they can contemplate quantum mechanics without becoming dizzy has not understood the concept in the least.   -Niels Bohr
Arbitrary power is most easily established on the ruins of liberty abused to licentiousness.   -George Washington
Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.   -Dale Carnegie
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.    - Richard Bach
Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time.   -Winston Churchill
Art can teach without at all ceasing to be art.   -C.S. Lewis
Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame.   -GK Chesterton
Art is the most passionate orgy within man`s grasp.   -John Donne
As a rule, men worry more about what they can`t see than about what they can.   -Julius Caesar
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.   -Leonardo da Vinci
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.   -Albert Einstein
As soon as beauty is sought not from religion and love, but for pleasure, it degrades the seeker.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral.   -Marcel Proust
As things are, and as fundamentally they must always be, poetry is not a career, but a mug`s game. No honest poet can ever feel quite sure of the permanent value of what he has written: He may have wasted his time and messed up his life for nothing.   -T.S. Eliot
As we must account for every idle word, so must we account for every idle silence.   -Benjamin Franklin
Assassins!    - Arturo Toscanini 
Astronomy compels the soul to look upwards and leads us from this world to another.   -Plato 
At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.   -George Orwell
At times one remains faithful to a cause only because its opponents do not cease to be insipid.   -Friedrich Nietzsche
Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.   -Socrates 
Baseball and malaria keep coming back.   -Gene Mauch
Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of being sooner ended.   -George Bernard Shaw
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.   -Aristotle 
Basically, I no longer work for anything but the sensation I have while working.    - Albert Giacometti 
Be civil to all; sociable to many; familiar with few; friend to one; enemy to none.   -Benjamin Franklin
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence. True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation.   -George Washington
Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down.    - Jimmy Durante
Be thankful we`re not getting all the government we`re paying for.   -Will Rogers
Beauty and folly are old companions.   -Benjamin Franklin
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.   -Socrates 
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.   -Christopher Morley
Because of the level of my chess game, I was able - even against a weak opponent, such as my younger brothers or the dog - to get myself checkmated in under three minutes. I challenge any computer to do it faster.   -Dave Barry
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.   -Henry Ford
Before the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth, we were here. Before the pen of Jefferson etched across the pages of history the majestic words of the Declaration of Independence, we were here. If the inexpressible cruelties of slavery could not stop us, the opposition we now face will surely fail.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly.   -Ambrose Bierce
Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There`s nothing to do but stand there and take it.   -Lyndon B. Johnson
Belief is no substitute for arithmetic.   -Henry Spencer
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.   -Confucius 
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.   -George Bernard Shaw
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.   -Saint Augustine
Better to live one year as a tiger, then a hundred as sheep.   -Madonna Ciccone
Beware how you take away hope from another human being.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.   -Henry Thoreau
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.   -George Bernard Shaw
Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before. He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way.   -Kurt Vonnegut
Birth and death are not two different states, but they are different aspects of the same state. There is as little reason to deplore the one as there is to be pleased over the other.   -Mahatma Gandhi
Black holes are where God divided by zero.    - Steven Wright
Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders.   -Friedrich Nietzsche
Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.    - George Eliot 
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.   -Plato 
Boredom is a vital problem for the moralist, since at least half the sins of mankind are caused by the fear of it.   -Bertrand Russell
Both oligarch and tyrant mistrust the people, and therefore deprive them of their arms.   -Aristotle 
Boy, those French, they have a different word for everything!   -Steve Martin
Bring your desires down to your present means. Increase them only when your increased means permit.   -Aristotle 
Business today consists in persuading crowds.   -T.S. Eliot
But at my back I always hear Time's winged chariot hurrying near.    - Andrew Marvell 
But what is the difference between literature and journalism? Journalism is unreadable and literature is not read. That is all.   -Oscar Wilde
Buying the right computer and getting it to work properly is no more complicated than building a nuclear reactor from wristwatch parts in a darkened room using only your teeth.   -Dave Barry
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.   -Benjamin Franklin
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.    - Bjarne Stroustrup
California is like an artificial limb the rest of the country doesn`t really need. You can quote me on that.   -Saul Bellow
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.   -Hunter S. Thompson
Campaign behavior for wives: Always be on time. Do as little talking as humanly possible. Lean back in the parade car so everybody can see the president.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
Camping is nature`s way of promoting the motel business.   -Dave Barry
Can you imagine a world without men? No crime and lots of happy fat women.   -Nicole Hollander
Carry the battle to them. Don`t let them bring it to you. Put them on the defensive. And don`t ever apologize for anything.   -Harry Truman
Cast off the shackles of this modern oppression and take back what is rightfully yours, because as William Shakespeare never wrote, `Life is but a bullring, and we are but matadors trying to dodge all the horns.`   -Matthew Clayfield
Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds.   -Frank Moore Colby
Chance favors the prepared mind.   -Louis Pasteur
Change is inevitable. Change is constant.   -Benjamin Disraeli
Chaos in the midst of chaos isn`t funny, but chaos in the midst of order is.   -Steve Martin
Character is that which reveals moral purpose, exposing the class of things a man chooses and avoids.   -Aristotle 
Character is what you are in the dark.   -John Whorfin
Character, not circumstances, makes the man.   -Booker T. Washington
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blue prints of your ultimate achievements.   -Woodrow Wilson
Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Childbirth, as a strictly physical phenomenon, is comparable to driving a United Parcel truck through an inner tube.   -Dave Barry
Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy.   -GK Chesterton
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn`t have said.   -Author Unknown
Children today know more about sex than I or my father did.   -Bill Cosby
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.   -Confucius 
Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it.   -C.S. Lewis
Christianity will go. It will vanish and shrink. I needn`t argue about that; I`m right, and I will be proved right. We are more popular than Jesus now; I don`t know which will go first -- rock`n`roll or Christianity. Jesus was all right, but his disciples were thick and ordinary. It`s them twisting it that ruins it for me.   -John Lennon
Christmas is a time when everybody wants his past forgotten and his present remembered.   -Phyllis Diller
Christmas is a time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it.  Deficits are when adults tell the government what they want and their kids pay for it.   -Richard Lamm
Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year. And yet, for all that, when it speaks, its voice has strong authority.   -W.J. Cameron
Christmas is the one time of year when people of all religions come together to worship Santa Claus.   -Bart Simpson
Clarity of mind means clarity of passion, too; this is why a great and clear mind loves ardently and sees distinctly what it loves.   -Blaise Pascal
Cliches are made because they`re true.   -Miriam M. Wynn
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.   -Mark Twain
Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery.   -Calvin Coolidge
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.   -Henry Mencken
Consciousness is either inexplicable illusion, or else revelation.   -C.S. Lewis
Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw.   -Dave Barry
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.   -John Wayne
Courage is grace under pressure.   -Ernest Hemingway
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.   -C.S. Lewis
Courage is the most beautiful kind of madness.   -Author Unknown
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.   -Winston Churchill
Creative force, like a musical composer, goes on unweariedly repeating a simple air or theme, now high, now low, in solo, in chorus, ten thousand times reverberated, till it fills earth and heaven with the chant.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Creditors have better memories than debtors.   -Benjamin Franklin
Criticism is nothing more than other people`s opinion.   -Clint Eastwood
Critics who treat `adult` as a term of approval, instead of as a merely descriptive term, cannot be adult themselves.   -C.S. Lewis
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.   -Jack Handey
Dancing is silent poetry.    - Simonides 
Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven.   -Confucius 
Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose.   -Carl Jung
Decadence is a difficult word to use since it has become little more than a term of abuse applied by critics to anything they do not yet understand or which seems to differ from their moral concepts.   -Ernest Hemingway
Deliberate with caution, but act with decision; and yield with graciousness, or oppose with firmness.   -Charles Caleb Colton
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people, by the people, for the people.   -Oscar Wilde
Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn`t grow up can be vice president.   -Johnny Carson
Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend.   -Margaret Thatcher
Denial ain`t just a river in Egypt.   -Mark Twain
Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.   -William Jennings Bryan
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.   -Alexander Pope
Do not compute the totality of your poultry population until all the manifestations of incubation have been entirely completed.   -William Jennings Bryan
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.   -Siddhartha Buddha
Do not needlessly endanger your lives until I give you the signal.   -Dwight Eisenhower
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.   -Dale Carnegie
Do, or do not. There is no 'try'.    - Yoda 
Doing what little one can to increase the general stock of knowledge is as respectable an object of life, as one can in any likelihood pursue.   -Charles Darwin
Don't be so humble - you are not that great.    - Golda Meir 
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.    - George Burns 
Don`t confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.   -Erna Bombeck
Don`t have sex man. It leads to kissing and pretty soon you have to start talking to them.   -Steve Martin
Don`t join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed.   -Dwight Eisenhower
Don`t knock masturbation; it`s sex with someone I love.   -Woody Allen
Don`t look back; they may be gaining on you.   -Satchel Paige
Don`t marry a man to reform him - that`s what reform schools are for.   -Mae West
Don`t measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.   -John Wooden
Don`t tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.   -George Patton
Don`t try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night.   -Phillip K. Dick
Don`t use words too big for the subject. Don`t say `infinitely` when you mean `very`; otherwise you`ll have no word left when you want to talk about something really infinite.   -C.S. Lewis
Don`t you wish you had a job like mine? All you have to do is think up a certain number of words! Plus, you can repeat words! And they don`t even have to be true!   -Dave Barry
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time; for that`s the stuff life is made of.   -Benjamin Franklin
Double, double toil and trouble; fire burn and cauldron bubble.   -William Shakespeare
Drama is life with the dull bits cut out.   -Alfred Hitchcock
Dream as if you`ll live forever. Live as if you`ll die today.   -James Dean
Driven from every other corner of the earth, freedom of thought and the right of private judgment in matters of conscience direct their course to this happy country as their last resort.   -Samuel Adams
Drug testing is very big in football. This is because football players are Role Models for young people. All you young people out there want to grow up and have enormous necks and get knee operations as often as haircuts. That`s why the people in charge of football don`t want you to associate it with drugs. They want you to associate it with alcohol.   -Dave Barry
Dualism is a truncated metaphysic.   -C.S. Lewis
Duty is what one expects from others.   -Oscar Wilde
Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone`s got to take care of all your details.   -Andy Warhol
Each problem that I solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems.    - Rene Descartes 
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man`s need, but not every man`s greed.   -Mahatma Gandhi
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.    - Will Durant
Egotist: a person more interested in himself than in me.    - Ambrose Bierce 
Eighty percent of success is showing up.   -Woody Allen
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.   -Benjamin Franklin
Elderly men who are popular with young women usually lack wisdom.   -Nachman of Bratslav
English? Who needs that? I`m never going to England.   -Homer Simpson
Enjoy your job, make lots of money, work within the law. Choose any two.   -Author Unknown
Envy is as evil a thing as arrogance.   -Theodore Roosevelt
Eternity`s a terrible thought. I mean, where`s it all going to end?   -Tom Stoppard
Etiquette requires us to admire the human race.   -Mark Twain
Even though he was an enemy of mine, I had to admit that what he had accomplished was a brilliant piece of strategy. First, he punched me, then he kicked me, then he punched me again.   -Jack Handey
Ever notice that `what the hell` is always the right decision?   -Marilyn Monroe
Every act and event is the inevitable result of prior acts and events and is independent of human will.   -Karl Marx
Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction.   -Pablo Picasso
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.   -Pablo Picasso
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.   -Henry Thoreau
Every government is a scoundrel.   -Henry Mencken
Every great decision creates ripples - like a huge boulder dropped in a lake. The ripples merge, rebound off the banks in unforseeable ways. The heavier the decision, the larger the waves, the more uncertain the consequences.   -Benjamin Disraeli
Every individual...generally, indeed, neither intends to promote the public interest, nor knows how much he is promoting it. By preferring the support of domestic to that of foreign industry he intends only his own security; and by directing that industry in such a manner as its produce may be of the greatest value, he intends only his own gain, and he is in this, as in many other cases, led by an invisible hand to promote an end which was no part of his intention.   -Adam Smith
Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
Every reader finds himself. The writer`s work is merely a kind of optical instrument that makes it possible for the reader to discern what, without this book, he would perhaps never have seen in himself.   -Marcel Proust
Every step we take towards making the State our Caretaker of our lives, by that much we move toward making the State our Master.   -Dwight Eisenhower
Every time you meet a situation, though you think at the time it is an impossibility and you go through the tortures of the damned, once you have met it and lived through it, you find that forever after you are freer than you were before.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants.   -Dorothy Parker
Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don`t have to have a college degree to serve. You don`t have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn.    - Arnold Schwarzenegger 
Everyone is a genius at least once a year; a real genius has his original ideas closer together.    - Georg Lichtenberg 
Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver.   -Laurence Peter
Everyone`s a pacifist between wars. It`s like being a vegetarian between meals.   -Colman McCarthy
Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior.   -C.S. Lewis
Everything has been thought of before, but the difficulty is to think of it again.   -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Everything you can imagine is real.   -Pablo Picasso
Everything you want also wants you.   -Jack Canfield
Example is the school of mankind, and they will learn at no other.   -Edmund Burke
Experience is a dear teacher, but fools will learn at no other.   -Benjamin Franklin
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.   -Oscar Wilde
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.   -Franklin Jones
Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now.   -Dave Barry
Eye of newt, and toe of frog, Wool of bat, and tongue of dog, Adder`s fork, and blind-worm`s sting, Lizard`s leg, and owlet`s wing, For a charm of powerful trouble, Like a hell-broth boil and bubble.   -William Shakespeare
Facts are the enemy of truth.    - Don Quixote - "Man of La Mancha"
Facts are ventriloquists dummies. Sitting on a wise man`s knee they may be made to utter words of wisdom; elsewhere, they say nothing, or talk nonsense, or indulge in sheer diabolism.   -Aldous Huxley
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.   -Daniel Webster
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.   -Truman Capote
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.   -Saint Augustine
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.   -J.R.R. Tolkien
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.   -Plato 
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.   -Socrates 
Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate.   -Emily Dickinson
Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.   -Theodore Roosevelt
Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you`re a thousand miles from the corn field.   -Dwight Eisenhower
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.   -Oscar Wilde
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope.   -Bill Cosby
Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil.   -Aristotle 
Fear is your best friend or your worst enemy. It`s like fire. If you can control it, it can cook for you; it can heat your house. If you can`t control it, it will burn everything around you and destroy you. If you can control your fear, it makes you more alert, like a deer coming across the lawn.   -Mike Tyson
Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.   -Dale Carnegie
Feel no sadness because of evil thoughts: it only strengthens them.   -Nachman of Bratslav
Feminism encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.   -Pat Robertson
Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream.   -Rush Limbaugh
Few girls are as well shaped as a good horse.   -Christopher Morley
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.   -George Washington
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.   -Mark Twain
Fill what's empty, empty what's full, and scratch where it itches.    - the Duchess of Windsor, when asked what is the secret of a long and happy life
Find me a man who`s interesting enough to have dinner with and I`ll be happy.   -Lauren Bacall
Find out how much God has given you and from it take what you need; the remainder is needed by others.   -Saint Augustine
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.   -George Bernard Shaw
First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me.   -Steve Martin
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.    - Mahatma Gandhi 
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.   -Muhammad Ali
Follow that will and that way which experience confirms to be your own.   -Carl Jung
Football combines two of the worst things in American life. It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.   -George Will
For a creative writer possession of the `truth`` is less important than emotional sincerity.   -George Orwell
For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world.   -Jesse Owens
For centuries, theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing.   -Henry Mencken
For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill.   -Marcel Proust
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.   -Carl Sagan
For there is one thing we must never forget...the majority can never replace the man. And no more than a hundred empty heads make one wise man will an heroic decision arise from a hundred cowards.   -Adolf Hitler
For those who believe, no explanation is necessary. For those who do not believe, no explanation is possible.   -Author Unknown
For two people in a marriage to live together day after day is unquestionably the one miracle the Vatican has overlooked.   -Bill Cosby
For us, there is only the trying. The rest is not our business.   -T.S. Eliot
Forever is composed of nows.   -Emily Dickinson
Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate.   -Hubert H. Humphrey
Freedom is not America`s gift to the world, it is the Almighty God`s gift to every man and woman in this world.   -George W. Bush
Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be.   -James Baldwin
Freedom of the press is limited to those who own one.   -Henry Mencken
Friends, if we be honest with ourselves, we shall be honest with each other.   -George MacDonald
From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world.   -Dick Cheney
From such beginnings of governments, what could be expected, but a continual system of war and extortion?   -Thomas Paine
Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration.   -Thomas Edison
Genius is personality with two measures of talent.   -Pablo Picasso
Get busy living, or get busy dying.   -Stephen King
Get happiness out of your work or you may never know what happiness is.   -Elbert Hubbard
Ghosts, like ladies, never speak till spoken to.   -Richard Harris Barham
Give me a museum and I'll fill it.    - Pablo Picasso 
Give me chastity and continence, but not yet.    - Saint Augustine 
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.  - Napoleon Bonaparte 
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.   -C.S. Lewis
God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things.   -Saint Augustine
God gave us two ends. One to sit on and one to think with. Success depends on which one you use; head you win, tail, you lose.   -Author Unknown
God help the man who won`t marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her.   -Benjamin Tillet
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.    - Voltaire 
God is a verb.   -Buckminster Fuller
God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.   -Pablo Picasso
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us.   -Saint Augustine
God offers to every mind its choice between truth and repose.  Take which you please - you can never have both.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our conscience, but shouts in our pains: it is His megaphone to rouse a deaf world.   -C.S. Lewis
God, as some cynic has said, is always on the side which has the best football coach.   -Heywood Broun
God, please save me from your followers!    - Bumper Sticker
God`s colors all are fast.   -John Greenleaf Whittier
Gods are fragile things; they may be killed by a whiff of science or a dose of common sense.   -Chapman Cohen
Golf is a game whose aim is to hit a very small ball into a even smaller hole, with weapons singularly ill-designed for the purpose.   -Winston Churchill
Golf is a good walk spoiled.   -Mark Twain
Good intentions will always be pleaded for every assumption of authority. It is hardly too strong to say that the Constitution was made to guard the people against the dangers of good intentions.   -Daniel Webster
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.   -Clarence Thomas
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.    - Plato 
Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.   -Ronald Reagan
Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master.   -George Washington
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one.   -Thomas Paine
Great ideas originate in the muscles.   -Thomas Edison
Great spirits have always encountered violent oppostion from mediocre minds.   -Albert Einstein
Greatness is not where we stand but in what direction we are moving.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Grove giveth and Gates taketh away.    - Bob Metcalfe 
Had I been chosen President again, I am certain I could not have lived another year.   -John Adams
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can`t, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.   -Robert Frost
Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted.   -Fred Allen
Happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.   -George Washington
Happiness consists in activity. It is running stream, not a stagnant pool.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Happiness is a butterfly, which, when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.   -Nathaniel Hawthorne
Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence.   -John F. Kennedy
Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home!   -Charles Dickens
Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them.   -Rita Rudner
Have we the courage and the will to face up to the immorality and discrimination of the progressive tax, and demand a return to traditional proportionate taxation?   -Ronald Reagan
Having someone wonder where you are when you don`t come home at night is a very old human need.   -Margaret Mead
He does not possess wealth; it possesses him.   -Benjamin Franklin
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.   -Winston Churchill
He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death.    - H. H. Munro 
He listens well who takes notes.   -Dante Alighieri
He loves but little who can say and count in words how much he loves.   -Dante Alighieri
He that cannot obey, cannot command.   -Benjamin Franklin
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.   -Benjamin Franklin
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.   -Benjamin Franklin
He that lives upon hope will die fasting.   -Benjamin Franklin
He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper.   -Edmund Burke
He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man.   -Samuel Adams
He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words.   -Elbert Hubbard
He who has a 'why' to live, can bear with almost any 'how'.    - Friedrich Nietzsche 
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.   -Muhammad Ali
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.   -Confucius 
Heaven have mercy on us all--Presbyterians and Pagans alike--for we are all dreadfully cracked about the head and desperately in need of mending.   -Herman Melville
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.   -Christopher Morley
Heroism at command, senseless brutality, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism, how violently I hate all this, how despicable and ignoble war is; I would rather be torn to shreds than be part of so base an action!   -Albert Einstein
His ignorance is encyclopedic    - Abba Eban 
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.   -Dwight Eisenhower
History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
History, in general, only informs us what bad government is.   -Thomas Jefferson
Hitting is 50% above the shoulders.   -Ted Williams
Hosting the Oscars is like making love to a beautiful woman - it`s something I only get to do when Billy Crystal`s out of town.   -Steve Martin
How I wish that somewhere there existed an island for those who are wise and of goodwill! In such a place even I would be an ardent patriot.   -Albert Einstein
How can you be expected to govern a country that has 246 kinds of cheese?   -Charles de Gaulle
How do you tell a Communist? Well, it`s someone who reads Marx and Lenin. And how do you tell an anti-Communist? It`s someone who understands Marx and Lenin.   -Ronald Reagan
How many observe Christ`s birthday! How few, his precepts! O! `tis easier to keep holidays than commandments.   -Benjamin Franklin
How on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love?   -Albert Einstein
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.    - Anais Nin 
However energetically society in general may strive to make all the citizens equal and alike, the personal pride of each individual will always make him try to escape from the common level, and he will form some inequality somewhere to his own profit.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come back home.   -Bill Cosby
Human beings, all over the earth, have this curious idea that they ought to behave in a certain way, and can`t really get rid of it.   -C.S. Lewis
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.    - H. G. Wells 
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.   -Buckminster Fuller
Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends.   -Dwight Eisenhower
I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.   -Steven Wright
I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.   -Margaret Thatcher
I always keep a supply of stimulant handy in case I see a snake -- which I also keep handy.   -W.C. Fields
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody - it saves so much trouble.   -Rudyard Kipling
I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned.   -Christopher Marlowe
I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn.   -Robert Frost
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.   -Pablo Picasso
I am certainly not an authority on love because there are no authorities on love, just those who`ve had luck with it and those who haven`t.   -Bill Cosby
I am easily satisfied with the very best.   -Winston Churchill
I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end.   -Margaret Thatcher
I am not a has-been. I am a will be.   -Lauren Bacall
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.   -Thomas Edison
I am not interested in power for power`s sake, but I`m interested in power that is moral, that is right and that is good.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
I am opposed to millionaires, but it would be dangerous to offer me the position.   -Mark Twain
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.    - Sir Winston Churchill 
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.   -Winston Churchill
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries.   -Stephen King
I am well aware of the toil and blood and treasure that it will cost to maintain this Declaration, and support and defend these States. Yet through all the gloom I can see the rays of ravishing light and glory. I can see that the end is worth more than the means.   -John Adams
I argue very well. Ask any of my remaining friends. I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties. Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don`t even invite me.   -Dave Barry
I begin by taking. I shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right.    - Frederick 
I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally.   -William Jennings Bryan
I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time.   -Henry Mencken
I believe that our Heavenly Father invented man because he was disappointed in the monkey.   -Mark Twain
I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free.   -Abraham Lincoln
I believe we are born with our minds open to wonderful experiences, and only slowly learn to limit ourselves to narrow tastes. We are taught to lose our curiosity by the bludgeon-blows of mass marketing, which brainwash us to see `hits,` and discourage exploration.   -Roger Ebert
I broke a mirror the other day. I`m supposed to get seven years of bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.   -Steven Wright
I can live with death.   -Evan Spigelman
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.    - A. J. Liebling 
I can`t think of a better way to spread the message of world peace than by working with the NFL and being part of Super Bowl XXVII.   -Michael Jackson
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.   -Friedrich Nietzsche
I cannot conceive otherwise than that He, the Infinite Father, expects or requires no worship or praise from us, but that He is even infinitely above it.   -Benjamin Franklin
I cannot undertake to lay my finger on that article of the Constitution which granted a right to Congress of expending, on the objects of benevolence, the money of their constituents.   -James Madison
I confess, I do not believe in time.   -Vladimir Nabokov
I conquered my hostility by putting it away until the day I might need it.   -Nachman of Bratslav
I could not say I believe — I know! I have had the experience of being gripped by something that is stronger than myself, something that people call God.   -Carl Jung
I deplore the need or the use of troops anywhere to get American citizens to obey the orders of constituted courts.   -Dwight Eisenhower
I detest racialism, because I regard it as a barbaric thing, whether it comes from a black man or a white man.   -Nelson Mandela
I didn`t come to Washington to be loved and I haven`t been disappointed.   -Philip L. Gramm
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.   -Siddhartha Buddha
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish church, by the Roman church, by the Greek church, by the Turkish church, by the Protestant church, nor by any church that I know of. My own mind is my own church.   -Thomas Paine
I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure -- that is all that agnosticism means.    - Clarence Darrow, Scopes trial, 1925.
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.    - Galileo Galilei
I do not find in orthodox Christianity one redeeming feature.   -Thomas Jefferson
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.   -Margaret Thatcher
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.    - Ludwig Wittgenstein 
I don`t always know what I`m talking about but I know I`m right.   -Muhammad Ali
I don`t embrace trouble; that`s as bad as treating it as an enemy. But I do say meet it as a friend, for you`ll see a lot of it and had better be on speaking terms with it.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
I don`t know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.   -Bill Cosby
I don`t know why I did it, I don`t know why I enjoyed it, and I don`t know why I`ll do it again.   -Socrates 
I don`t like to commit myself about heaven and hell -- you see, I have friends in both places.   -Mark Twain
I don`t like to share my personal life...it wouldn`t be personal if I shared it.   -George Clooney
I don`t make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.   -Will Rogers
I don`t work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art.   -Pablo Picasso
I dont mind living in a mans world as long as I can be a woman in it.   -Marilyn Monroe
I enjoy being a highly overpaid actor.   -Roger Moore
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.    - Thomas Jefferson 
I generally avoid temptation unless I can`t resist it.   -Mae West
I guess I don`t so much mind being old, as I mind being fat and old.   -Benjamin Franklin
I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn`t want his job. I want to be President.   -Ronald Reagan
I hate quotations. Tell me what you know.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they`ve always worked for me.   -Hunter S. Thompson
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.   -Dwight Eisenhower
I have a microwave fireplace. I can lay down in front of the fire for the evening in eight minutes.   -Steven Wright
I have always been offended by the song that says, `Everything is beautiful in its own way.` If everything is beautiful, then the word `beautiful` has no meaning. If everything were purple, there would be no word `purple` in the language because it would not distinguish one thing from another.   -Thomas Sowell
I have always thought of Christmas time as a good time. A kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time. The only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely.   -Charles Dickens
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.   -John Locke
I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go. My own wisdom, and that of all about me, seemed insufficient for the day.   -Abraham Lincoln
I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.    - Umberto Eco
I have discovered photography. Now I can kill myself. I have nothing else to learn.   -Pablo Picasso
I have ever deemed it more honorable and more profitable, too, to set a good example than to follow a bad one.   -Thomas Jefferson
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.   -Thomas Edison
I have gained this from philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.   -Aristotle 
I have gathered a posie of other men’s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own.   -John Bartlett
I have just returned from Boston. It is the only sane thing to do if you find yourself up there.   -Fred Allen
I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.   -Henry Thoreau
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.    - Thomas Alva Edison 
I have not failed. I`ve just found 10,000 ways that won`t work.   -Thomas Edison
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.    - Xenocrates 
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.   -Xenocrates 
I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others.   -Marcus Aurelius
I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America?   -Dwight Eisenhower
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.   -Thomas Jefferson
I have to remind myself that some birds aren`t meant to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright. And when they fly away, the part of you that knows it was a sin to lock them up DOES rejoice. Still, the place you live in is that much more drab and empty that they`re gone. I guess I just miss my friend.   -Morgan Freeman
I haven`t been with a woman in nine months.   -Mike Tyson
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.   -Confucius 
I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man.   -George Washington
I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology.   -Ronald Reagan
I keep the subject of my inquiry constantly before me, and wait till the first dawning opens gradually, by little and little, into a full and clear light.   -Isaac Newton
I know you`ve been married to the same woman for 69 years. That is marvelous. It must be very inexpensive.   -Johnny Carson
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.   -Fred Allen
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than our governments. Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of their way and let them have it.   -Dwight Eisenhower
I like to say that I`m bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it.   -Boy George
I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.   -Mahatma Gandhi
I love acting.  It is so much more real than life.   -Oscar Wilde
I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by.   -Douglas Adams
I love fools’ experiments. I am always making them.   -Charles Darwin
I love mankind; it`s people I can`t stand.   -Charles Schulz
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I`m awake, you know?   -Ernest Hemingway
I maintain that, if everyone knew what others said about him, there would not be four friends in the world.   -Blaise Pascal
I met in the street a very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn, his cloak was out at the elbows, the water passed through his shoes -- and the stars through his soul.   -Victor Hugo
I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned.   -Daniel Webster
I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.   -Harry Truman
I never forget a face, but in your case I`ll be glad to make an exception.   -Groucho Marx
I never hated a man enough to give him diamonds back.   -Zsa Zsa Gabor
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love.   -Henry Ward Beecher
I never took hallucinogenic drugs because I never wanted my consciousness expanded one unnecessary iota.   -Fran Lebowitz
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.   -Henny Youngman
I paid too much for it, but it`s worth it.   -Samuel Goldwyn
I predict future happiness for Americans if they can prevent the government from wasting the labors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them.   -Thomas Jefferson
I prefer rogues to imbeciles, because they sometimes take a rest.   -Alexandre Dumas
I realise that I`m making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders.   -Dave Barry
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them.    - Ian L. Fleming 
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them.   -Ian Fleming
I shall tell you a great secret my friend. Do not wait for the last judgement, it takes place every day.   -Albert Camus
I shut my eyes in order to see.   -Paul Gauguin
I sit here all day trying to persuade people to do the things they ought to have the sense to do without my persuading them. That`s all the powers of the President amount to.   -Harry Truman
I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.   -Oscar Wilde
I think 'Hail to the Chief' has a nice ring to it.    - John F. Kennedy 
I think `no comment` is a splendid expression. I am using it again and again.   -Winston Churchill
I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he`s so busy, you`d probably have to run up to him and hand it to him.   -Jack Handey
I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.   -Albert Einstein
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We`ve created life in our own image.   -Stephen Hawking
I think it`s insulting to people who have a heritage of slavery to compare the homosexual experience in America to that. It`s an unfortunate, cheap attempt to piggyback on something and to co-opt life experiences of others, claim that you`ve experienced them yourselves so that you can advance a cause.   -Rush Limbaugh
I think that a young state, like a young virgin, should modestly stay at home, and wait the application of suitors for an alliance with her; and not run about offering her amity to all the world; and hazarding their refusal. Our virgin is a jolly one; and tho at present not very rich, will in time be a great fortune, and where she has a favorable predisposition, it seems to me well worth cultivating.   -Ambrose Bierce
I think the crucial thing in the writing career is to find what you want to do and how you fit in. What somebody else does is of no concern whatever except as an interesting variation.   -James Michener
I think vital religion has always suffered when orthodoxy is more regarded than virtue. The scriptures assure me that at the last day we shall not be examined on what we thought but what we did.   -Benjamin Franklin
I think; therefore I am.   -Rene Descartes
I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just, that His justice cannot sleep forever.   -Thomas Jefferson
I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up.   -Benjamin Franklin
I want to thank Gus Van Sant for selling out so that I could use his editor Curtis Clayton, who did a great job.   -Vincent Gallo
I want to thank everyone who made this night necessary.   -Yogi Berra
I wanted to do something nice so I bought my mother-in-law a chair. Now they won`t let me plug it in.   -Henny Youngman
I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow.   -William Blake
I was gonna rip his heart out. I`m the best ever. I`m the most brutal and vicious, the most ruthless champion there has ever been. No one can stop me. Lennox is a conqueror? No! He`s no Alexander! I`m Alexander! I`m the best ever. I`m Sonny Liston. I`m Jack Dempsey. There`s never been anyone like me. I`m from their cloth. There is no one who can match me. My style is impetuous, my defense is impregnable, and I`m just ferocious. I want his heart! I want to eat his children! Praise be to Allah!   -Mike Tyson
I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life.   -Henry Thoreau
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.   -Charles Dickens
I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him.   -Booker T. Washington
I wish I had a kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both Dracula AND Superman away.   -Jack Handey
I wish I had an answer to that, because I`m tired of answering that question.   -Yogi Berra
I wish TV had a knob so you could turn up the intelligence. The one marked Brightness doesn`t work.   -Leo Gallagher
I would have made a good Pope.    - Richard M. Nixon 
I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word `fair` in connection with income tax policies.   -William F. Buckley
I would rather be governor of California than own Austria.   -Arnold Schwarzenegger
I would rather try to persuade a man to go along, because once I have persuaded him he will stick. If I scare him, he will stay just as long as he is scared, and then he is gone.   -Dwight Eisenhower
I'll moider da bum.    - Heavyweight boxer Tony Galento, when asked what he thought of William Shakespeare
I'll sleep when I'm dead.    - Warren Zevon 
I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters.    - Frank Lloyd Wright 
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart.    - e e cummings 
I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it.    - Groucho Marx 
I`ll always perform, because show business is in my blood. Or maybe it`s in my feet. Wherever it is, I don`t think I`ll ever stop.   -Robin Williams
I`ll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there`s evidence of any thinking going on inside it.   -Terry Pratchett
I`m a great housekeeper: I get divorced, I keep the house.   -Zsa Zsa Gabor
I`m a middle age white guy, which means I`m constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi`s mom.   -Dave Barry
I`m all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let`s start with typewriters.   -Frank Lloyd Wright
I`m at an age where I think more about food than sex. Last week I put a mirror over my dining room table.   -Rodney Dangerfield
I`m not a member of any organized political party, I`m a Democrat!   -Will Rogers
I`m not a very good writer, but I`m an excellent rewriter.   -James Michener
I`m not concerned about all hell breaking loose, but that a PART of hell will break loose... it`ll be much harder to detect.   -George Carlin
I`m not popular enough to be different.   -Homer Simpson
I`m not upset about my divorce. I`m only upset I`m not a widow.   -Roseanne Barr
I`m number 10 at the box office. Right under Barbra Streisand. Can you imagine being under Barbra Streisand? Get me a bag. I may throw up.   -Walter Matthau
I`m so fast that, last night, I turned off the light switch in my hotel room and was in bed before the room was dark.   -Muhammad Ali
I`m the type who`d be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn`t going to. I`m the type who`d like to sit home and watch every party that I`m invited to on a monitor in my bedroom.   -Andy Warhol
I`m very proud of my gold pocket watch. My grandfather, on his deathbed, sold me this watch.   -Woody Allen
I`ve done the calculation and your chances of winning the lottery are identical whether you play or or not.   -Fran Lebowitz
I`ve had a wonderful time, but this wasn`t it.   -Groucho Marx
I`ve seen George Foreman shadow boxing and the shadow won.   -Muhammad Ali
Ideally a book would have no order to it, and the reader would have to discover his own.   -Mark Twain
If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check.   -Dan Quayle
If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer.   -Dave Barry
If God has created us in His image, we have more than returned the compliment.   -Francois Marie Arouet (Voltaire)
If I am anything, which I highly doubt, I have made myself so by hard work.   -Isaac Newton
If I could drop dead right now, I`d be the happiest man alive.   -Samuel Goldwyn
If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry.   -Emily Dickinson
If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world.   -C.S. Lewis
If I have ever made any valuable discoveries, it has been owing more to patient attention, than to any other talent.   -Isaac Newton
If I must choose between righteousness and peace, I choose righteousness.   -Theodore Roosevelt
If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?   -Laurence Peter
If a man can beat you, walk him.   -Satchel Paige
If a man does his best, what else is there?    - General George S. Patton 
If a man happens to find himself, he has a mansion which he can inhabit with dignity all the days of his life.   -James Michener
If a man has talent and can`t use it, he`s failed. If he uses only half of it, he has partly failed. If he uses the whole of it, he has succeeded, and won a satisfaction and triumph few men ever know.   -Thomas Wolfe
If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it.   -Socrates 
If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant`s life, she will choose to save the infant`s life without even considering if there are men on base.   -Dave Barry
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.   -Doug Larson
If all the girls who attended the Yale prom were laid end to end, I wouldn`t be a bit surprised.   -Dorothy Parker
If an American is to amount to anything he must rely upon himself, and not upon the State; he must take pride in his own work, instead of sitting idle to envy the luck of others. He must face life with resolute courage, win victory if he can, and accept defeat if he must, without seeking to place on his fellow man a responsibility which is not theirs.   -Theodore Roosevelt
If any man wish to write in a clear style, let him be first clear in his thoughts; and if any would write in a noble style, let him first possess a noble soul.   -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If at first you don`t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.   -W.C. Fields
If ever time should come, when vain and aspiring men shall possess the highest seats in Government, our country will stand in need of its experienced patriots to prevent its ruin.   -Samuel Adams
If everybody`s thinking alike, somebody isn`t thinking.   -Author Unknown
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.    - Mario Andretti
If everything seems under control, you`re just not going fast enough.   -Mario Andretti
If freedom is short of weapons, we must compensate with willpower.   -Adolf Hitler
If it weren`t for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we`d still be eating frozen radio dinners.   -Johnny Carson
If liberty and equality, as is thought by some, are chiefly to be found in democracy, they will be best attained when all persons alike share in government to the utmost.   -Aristotle 
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.   -George Orwell
If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.   -Johnny Carson
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.   -J.R.R. Tolkien
If one could conclude as to the nature of the Creator from a study of his creation it would appear that God has a special fondness for stars and beetles.   -J.B.S. Haldane
If one is only to talk from first-hand experience, conversation would be a very poor business.   -C.S. Lewis
If one knows exactly what is going to be done, why do it?   -Pablo Picasso
If the brain were so simple we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn`t.   -Lyall Watson
If the new American father feels bewildered and even defeated, let him take comfort from the fact that whatever he does in any fathering situation has a fifty percent chance of being right.   -Bill Cosby
If there is one sound the follows the march of humanity, it is the scream.   -David Gemmell
If there was going to be a sexual revolution, I would be its pamphleteer.   -Hugh Hefner
If there`s anything unsettling to the stomach, it`s watching actors on television talk about their personal lives.   -Marlon Brando
If thou rememb`rest not the slightest folly into which love hast made thee run, though hast not loved.   -William Shakespeare
If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy.   -James Madison
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.   -Siddhartha Buddha
If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it; if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War.   -George Washington
If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble.   -Nachman of Bratslav
If we don’t end war, war will end us.   -H.G. Wells
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a Nation gone under.   -Ronald Reagan
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.   -Mother Teresa
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?   -Albert Einstein
If winning isn`t everything, why do they keep score?   -Vince Lombardi
If you are going through hell, keep going.    - Sir Winston Churchill 
If you are going through hell, keep going.   -Winston Churchill
If you are gonna kick society in the teeth, you might as well use both feet.   -Keith Richards
If you are obliged to neglect any thing, let it be your chemistry. It is the least useful and the least amusing to a country gentleman of all the ordinary branches of science.   -Thomas Jefferson
If you aren`t in over your head, how do you know how tall you are?   -T.S. Eliot
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.    - J. Paul Getty 
If you can speak three languages you`re trilingual.  If you can speak two languages you`re bilingual.  If you can speak only one language you`re an American.   -Author Unknown
If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance.    - George Bernard Shaw 
If you can`t imitate him, don`t copy him.   -Yogi Berra
If you can`t sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It`s the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep.   -Dale Carnegie
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton. You may as well make it dance.   -George Bernard Shaw
If you cannot inspire a woman with love of you, fill her above the brim with love of herself; all that runs over will be yours.   -Charles Caleb Colton
If you cannot lift the load off another`s back, do not walk away. Try to lighten it.   -Frank Tyger
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn`t sit for a month.   -Theodore Roosevelt
If you look back on the `60s and think there was more good than harm, you`re probably a Democrat. If you think there was more harm than good, you`re probably a Republican.   -Bill Clinton
If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick.   -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you tell the truth, you don`t have to remember anything.   -Mark Twain
If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that`s another weakness.   -Jack Handey
If you wanna be free, you`ve gotta accept everything.   -Jason Mechalek
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stomping on a human face -- forever.   -George Orwell
If you want to be respected by others the great thing is to respect yourself. Only by that, only by self-respect will you compel others to respect you.   -Fyodor Dostoevsky
If you want to conquer fear, don`t sit at home and think about it. Go out and get busy.   -Andrew Carnegie
If you want to get laid, go to college, but if you want an education, go to the library.   -Frank Zappa
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.    - Carl Sagan
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.   -John Rockefeller
If you were to open up a baby`s head -- and I am not for a moment suggesting that you should -- you would find nothing but an enormous drool gland.   -Dave Barry
If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues.   -Edward Bulwer-Lytton
If you would be known, and not know, vegetate in a village; If you would know, and not be known, live in a city.   -Charles Caleb Colton
If you would be loved, love and be lovable.   -Benjamin Franklin
If you’ve got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.   -John Wayne
Ignorance, the root and the stem of every evil.   -Plato 
Ignore death up to the last moment; then, when it can`t be ignored any longer, have yourself squirted full of morphia and shuffle off in a coma. Thoroughly sensible, humane and scientific, eh?   -Aldous Huxley
Illness is the doctor to whom we pay most heed; to kindness, to knowledge, we make promise only; pain we obey.   -Marcel Proust
Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is.   -Oscar Wilde
Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal.   -T.S. Eliot
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
In America the majority raises formidable barriers around the liberty of opinion; within these barriers an author may write what he pleases, but woe to him if he goes beyond them.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
In America, anyone can become president. That`s one of the risks you take.   -Adlai Stevenson
In Heaven all the interesting people are missing.   -Friedrich Nietzsche
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.   -Siddhartha Buddha
In a separation it is the one who is not really in love who says the more tender things.   -Marcel Proust
In a state where corruption abounds, laws must be very numerous.   -Tacitus 
In an atmosphere of liberty, artists and patrons are free to think the unthinkable and create the audacious; they are free to make both horrendous mistakes and glorious celebrations.   -Ronald Reagan
In any contest between power and patience, bet on patience.    - W.B. Prescott
In crises the most daring course is often safest.   -Henry Kissinger
In doubt a man of worth will trust to his own wisdom.   -J.R.R. Tolkien
In every man`s heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty.   -Christopher Morley
In my heart, I think a woman has two choices: Either she`s a feminist or a masochist.   -Gloria Steinem
In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
In politics, an organized minority is a political majority.   -Jesse Jackson
In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite.    - Paul Dirac 
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.    - Martin Luther King Jr. 
In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not?   -Carolyn Gifford
In the United States the majority undertakes to supply a multitude of ready-made opinions for the use of individuals, who are thus relieved from the necessity of forming opinions of their own.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
In the United States, doing good has come to be, like patriotism, a favorite device of persons with something to sell.   -Henry Mencken
In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea.   -Douglas Adams
In the end, everything is a gag.   -Charlie Chaplin
In the faces of men and women I see God.   -Walt Whitman
In the life of a man, his time is but a moment...his sense, a dim rushlight. All that is body is as coursing waters...all that is of the soul, as dreams, and vapors.   -Marcus Aurelius
In the past decade or so, the women`s magazines have taken to running home-handyperson articles suggesting that women can learn to fix things just as well as men. These articles are apparently based on the ludicrous assumption that men know how to fix things, when in fact all they know how to do is look at things in a certain squinty-eyed manner, which they learned in Wood Shop; eventually, when enough things in the home are broken, they take a job requiring them to transfer to another home.   -Dave Barry
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.    - Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut
In this country we have no place for hyphenated Americans.   -Theodore Roosevelt
In this world there is always danger for those who are afraid of it.   -George Bernard Shaw
In times like these, it helps to recall that there have always been times like these.   -Paul Harvey
India has 2,000,000 gods, and worships them all. In religion, other countries are paupers; India is the only millionaire.   -Mark Twain
Individual commitment to a group effort -- that is what makes a team work a company work, a society work, a civilization work.   -Vince Lombardi
Individual rights are not subject to a public vote; a majority has no right to vote away the rights of a minority; the political function of rights is precisely to protect minorities from oppression by majorities (and the smallest minority on earth is the individual).   -Ayn Rand
Information is not knowledge.   -Albert Einstein
Information is the oxygen of the modern age. It seeps through the walls topped by barbed wire, it wafts across the electrified borders.   -Ronald Reagan
Inside of a ring or out, ain`t nothing wrong with going down. It`s staying down that`s wrong.   -Muhammad Ali
Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us.   -Abraham Lincoln
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God!   -Patrick Henry
Is man one of God`s blunders? Or is God one of man`s blunders?   -Friedrich Nietzsche
It ain`t braggin` if you can back it up.   -Dizzy Dean
It ain`t over till it`s over.   -Yogi Berra
It ain`t the parts of the Bible that I can`t understand that bother me, it is the parts that I do understand.   -Mark Twain
It always rains on tents. Rainstorms will travel thousands of miles, against prevailing winds for the opportunity to rain on a tent.   -Dave Barry
It belongs to human nature to hate those you have injured.   -Tacitus 
It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people`s minds.   -Samuel Adams
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.    - Albert Einstein 
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.   -Albert Einstein
It is a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.   -W. Somerset Maugham
It is a general popular error to suppose the loudest complainers for the public to be the most anxious for its welfare.   -Edmund Burke
It is a good idea to ``shop around`` before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don`t be shy! After all, you`re paying for it.   -Dave Barry
It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.   -Benjamin Franklin
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.   -Douglas Adams
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person`s plate.   -Dave Barry
It is a wretched taste to be gratified with mediocrity when the excellent lies before us.   -Isaac Disraeli
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.   -Harry Truman
It is better to be alone than in bad company.   -George Washington
It is better to be beautiful than to be good. But it is better to be good than to be ugly.   -Oscar Wilde
It is better to be quotable than to be honest.   -Tom Stoppard
It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating.   -Oscar Wilde
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.   -George Washington
It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterward.   -Baltasar Gracian
It is both foolish and wicked to teach the average man who is not well off that some wrong or injustice has been done him, and that he should hope for redress elsewhere than in his own industry, honesty, and intelligence.   -Theodore Roosevelt
It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.   -Mark Twain
It is easier to prevent bad habits than to break them.   -Benjamin Franklin
It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you.   -Dick Cheney
It is hard to have patience with people who say `There is no death` or `Death doesn`t matter.`` There is death. And whatever is matters. And whatever happens has consequences, and it and they are irrevocable and irreversible. You might as well say that birth doesn`t matter.   -C.S. Lewis
It is impossible to experience one`s death objectively and still carry a tune.   -Woody Allen
It is in man`s heart that the life of nature`s spectacle exists; to see it, one must feel it.   -Jean-Jacques Rousseau
It is in vain to hope to please all alike. Let a man stand with his face in what direction he will, he must necessarily turn his back on one half of the world.   -George Dennison Prentice
It is largely because the free-thinkers, as a school, have hardly made up their minds whether they want to be more optimist or more pessimist than Christianity that their small but sincere movement has failed. For the duel is deadly; and any agnostic who wishes to be anything more than a Nihilist must sympathize with one version of nature or the other.   -GK Chesterton
It is most unwise for people in love to marry.   -George Bernard Shaw
It is much more comfortable to be mad and know it, than to be sane and have one's doubts.    - G. B. Burgin
It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder.   -Albert Einstein
It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one`s uncles.   -George Bernard Shaw
It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellow men.   -George MacDonald
It is not length of life, but depth of life.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is not the critic who counts: not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could have done better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes up short again and again, because there is no effort without error or shortcoming, but who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, who spends himself for a worthy cause; who, at the best, knows, in the end, the triumph of high achievement, and who, at the worst, if he fails, at least he fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat.   -Theodore Roosevelt
It is not the lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.   -Friedrich Nietzsche
It is often hard to bear the tears that we ourselves have caused.   -Marcel Proust
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford  to be stupid with them.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is only the modern that ever becomes old-fashioned.   -Oscar Wilde
It is only when men begin to worship that they begin to grow.   -Calvin Coolidge
It is part of the American character to consider nothing as desperate - to surmount every difficulty by resolution and contrivance.   -Thomas Jefferson
It is perfectly monstrous the way people go about, nowadays, saying things against one behind one`s back that are absolutely and entirely true.   -Oscar Wilde
It is preoccupation with possessions, more than anything else, that prevents us from living freely and nobly.   -Bertrand Russell
It is strangely absurd to suppose that a million of human beings, collected together, are not under the same moral laws which bind each of them separately.   -Thomas Jefferson
It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
It is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.   -Charles Darwin
It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims.    - Aristotle 
It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear.   -Luther Sutherland
It is well to remember that the entire universe, with one trifling exception, is composed of others.   -John Andrew Holmes
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters.   -Aesop 
It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.   -Pablo Picasso
It must be felt that there is no national security but in the nation`s humble acknowledged dependence upon God and His overruling providence.   -John Adams
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better, while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.   -Woody Allen
It was by the sober sense of our citizens that we were safely and steadily conducted from monarchy to republicanism, and it is by the same agency alone we can be kept from falling back.   -Thomas Jefferson
It was the experience of mystery -- even if mixed with fear -- that engendered religion.    - Albert Einstein 
It was the experience of mystery -- even if mixed with fear -- that engendered religion.   -Albert Einstein
It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the male citizens; but we, the whole people, who formed the Union... Men, their rights and nothing more; women, their rights and nothing less.   -Susan B. Anthony
It was when I was happiest that I longed most...The sweetest thing in all my life has been the longing...to find the place where all the beauty came from.   -C.S. Lewis
It would be fatal for the nation to overlook the urgency of the moment. This sweltering summer of the Negro`s legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.    - Walt Disney 
It`s easy to identify people who can`t count to ten. They`re in front of you in the supermarket express lane.   -M. Grundler
It`s not about finding the right man, it`s about being the right woman.   -Debby Jones
It`s not enough to speak, but to speak true.   -William Shakespeare
It`s not how much we give but how much love we put into giving.   -Mother Teresa
It`s not that we don`t have enough scoundrels to curse; it`s that we don`t have enough good men to curse them.   -GK Chesterton
It`s not the size of the dog in the fight, it`s the size of the fight in the dog.   -Mark Twain
It`s strange that words are so inadequate. Yet, like the asthmatic struggling for breath, so the lover must struggle for words.   -T.S. Eliot
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.   -Fulton J. Sheen
Jim Bakker spells his name with two k`s because three would be too obvious.   -Bill Maher
Just as war is freedom`s cost, disagreement is freedom`s privilege.   -Bill Clinton
Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe.   -Nachman of Bratslav
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There`s a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.   -Bill Gates
Just the omission of Jane Austen`s books alone would make a fairly good library out of a library that hadn`t a book in it.   -Mark Twain
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.   -Mark Twain
Kids like my act because I`m wearing nose glasses. Adults like my act because there`s a guy who thinks putting on nose glasses is funny.   -Steve Martin
Kids, just because I don`t care doesn`t mean I`m not listening.   -Homer Simpson
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.   -Calvin Coolidge
Knowledge is knowing that we cannot know.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.   -Carl Jung
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.    - Jimi Hendrix
Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire called conscience.   -George Washington
Ladies of Fashion starve their happiness to feed their vanity, and their love to feed their pride.   -Charles Caleb Colton
Last night I discovered a new form of oral contraceptive. I asked a girl to go to bed with me and she said no.   -Woody Allen
Last night I was playing poker with Tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.   -Steven Wright
Laughter and tears are both responses to frustration and exhaustion. I myself prefer to laugh, since there is less cleaning up to do afterward.   -Kurt Vonnegut
Less disappointing than life, great works of art do not begin by giving us all their best.   -Marcel Proust
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, in order to assure the survival and the success of liberty.   -John F. Kennedy
Let him that would move the world first move himself.   -Socrates 
Let him who desires peace prepare for war.   -Vegetius 
Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans.   -John F. Kennedy
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.   -Mark Twain
Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer but the right answer.   -John F. Kennedy
Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
Liberty is never out of bounds or off limits; it spreads wherever it can capture the imagination of men.   -E.B. White
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.   -George Bernard Shaw
Liberty without learning is always in peril; learning without liberty is always in vain.   -John F. Kennedy
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.   -Josh Billings
Life in abundance comes only through great love.   -Elbert Hubbard
Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.   -Christopher Morley
Life is a pill which none of us can bear to swallow without gilding.   -Samuel Johnson
Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it.   -Dave Barry
Life is but a brief moment. The years go by quickly and old age arrives suddenly before we have an inkling. People desire so many things and waste their days in vain. Some yearn for gold, others for power, yet others for glory and a higher station. But when death`s moment nears and they look back at their lives they`ve lived, they realise they`ve been happy only during those moments when they`ve loved.   -Borje Vahamaki
Life is like a Ferrari, it goes too fast. But that`s ok, because you can`t afford it anyway.   -Jim Davis
Life is not a support system for art. It`s the other way around.   -Stephen King
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved.   -D.H. Lawrence
Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.    - Isaac Asimov
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It`s the transition that`s troublesome.   -Jimi Hendrix
Life is to entered upon with courage.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
Life`s Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late.   -Benjamin Franklin
Life`s battles don`t always go to the stronger or faster man. But sooner or later the man who wins, is the man who thinks he can.   -Vince Lombardi
Life`s most persistent and urgent question is, `What are you doing for others?`   -Martin Luther King Jr.
Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries.   -Bill Cosby
Literature always anticipates life. It does not copy it, but moulds it to its purpose.   -Oscar Wilde
Look, all I`m saying is, if these big stars didn`t want people going through their garbage and saying they`re gay, then they shouldn`t have tried to express themselves creatively.   -Homer Simpson
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so.   -David Grayson
Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable.   -C.S. Lewis
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.   -John Donne
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.   -George Bernard Shaw
Love is a verb.   -Author Unknown
Love is agrowing, to full constant light; and his first minute, after noon, is night.   -John Donne
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.   -Aristotle 
Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties.   -Jules Renard
Love is repaid by love alone!   -Mother Teresa
Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.   -Woody Allen
Love is the idler`s occupation, the warrior`s relaxation, and the soverign`s ruination.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.   -Samuel Johnson
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don`t know how to replenish it`s source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.   -Anais Nin
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.   -Thomas Aquinas
Luck is not chance, it is toil. Fortune is expensive smile is earned.   -Emily Dickinson
Luck is the residue of design.    - Branch Rickey - former owner of the Brooklyn Dodger Baseball Team
MEGAHERTZ: This is a really, really big hertz.   -Dave Barry
Males have a lot of trouble not looking at breasts. What is worse, males cannot look at breasts and think at the same time. In fact, scientists now believe that the primary biological function of breasts is to make males stupid. This was proved in a famous 1978 laboratory experiment wherein a team of leading male psychological researchers at Yale deliberately looked at photographs of breasts every day for two years, at the end of which they concluded that they had failed to take any notes. ``We forgot,`` they said. ``We`ll have to do it over.``   -Dave Barry
Man has almost constant occasion for the help of his brethren, and it is in vain for him to expect it from their benevolence only.   -Adam Smith
Man is by nature a political animal.   -Aristotle 
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.   -Blaise Pascal
Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change.   -Bertrand Russell
Man was made at the end of the week`s work when God was tired.   -Mark Twain
Man will ultimately be governed by God or by tyrants.   -Benjamin Franklin
Man`s best possession is a sympathetic wife.   -Euripides 
Man`s conquest of Nature turns out, in the moment of its consummation, to be Nature`s conquest of Man.   -C.S. Lewis
Mankind censure injustice fearing that they may be the victims of it, and not because they shrink from committing it.   -Plato 
Many a long dispute among divines may be thus abridged: It is so. It is not so. It is so. It is not so.   -Benjamin Franklin
Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street.    - Elbert Hubbard 
Many books require no thought from those who read them, and for a very simple reason; they made no such demand upon those who wrote them.   -Charles Caleb Colton
Many interviewers when they come to talk to me, think they`re being progressive by not mentioning in their stories any longer that I`m black. I tell them, `Don`t stop now. If I shot somebody you`d mention it.`   -Colin Powell
Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Many things--such as loving, going to sleep, or behaving unaffectedly--are done worst when we try hardest to do them.   -C.S. Lewis
Many wealthy people are little more than janitors of their possessions.    - Frank Lloyd Wright 
Many wealthy people are little more than janitors of their possessions.   -Frank Lloyd Wright
Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets.   -Ogden Nash
Marriage is the most natural state of man, and the state in which you will find solid happiness.   -Benjamin Franklin
Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe.   -Galileo Galilei
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.   -Kurt Vonnegut
Maybe this world is another planet's Hell.    - Aldous Huxley 
Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting in a particular way.   -Aristotle 
Men are what their mothers made them.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Men create gods after their own image, not only with regard to their form but with regard to their mode of life.   -Aristotle 
Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they quit playing.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Men go abroad to wonder at the heights of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of the rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motions of the stars, and they pass by themselves without wondering.   -Saint Augustine
Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them.   -Margaret Mead
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.   -Blaise Pascal
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened.   -Winston Churchill
Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike.   -Alexander Hamilton
Men speak of natural rights, but I challenge any one to show where in nature any rights existed or were recognized until there was established for their declaration and protection a duly promulgated body of corresponding laws.   -Calvin Coolidge
Men talk of ``finding God,`` but no wonder it is difficult; He is hidden in that darkest hiding-place, your heart. You yourself are a part of Him.   -Christopher Morley
Middle age is when you`ve met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.   -Ogden Nash
Money can`t buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.   -Christopher Marlowe
Money doesn`t make you happy. I now have $50 million, but I was just as happy when I had $48 million.   -Arnold Schwarzenegger
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.   -Aristotle 
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.   -H.G. Wells
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. - H. G. Wells 
Morality, like numinous awe, is a jump; in it, man goes beyond anything that can be `given` in the facts of experience.   -C.S. Lewis
More than half modern culture depends on what one shouldn`t read.   -Oscar Wilde
Mortal lovers must not try to remain at the first step; for lasting passion is the dream of a harlot and from it we wake in despair.   -C.S. Lewis
Most football teams are temperamental. That`s 90% temper and 10% mental.   -Doug Plank
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.   -Robert Frost
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.   -Dale Carnegie
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so.    - Bertrand Russell 
Motherhood is a biological fact, while fatherhood is a social invention.   -Margaret Mead
Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own.   -Aristotle 
Much of the social history of the Western world over the past three decades has involved replacing what worked with what sounded good.   -Thomas Sowell
Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife.   -Kahlil Gibran
Music, in the best sense, does not require novelty; no, the older it is, and the more we are accustomed to it, the greater its effect.   -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?   -Plato 
My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesn`t need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.   -Henny Youngman
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.    - Socrates 
My advice to you is to get married. If you find a good wife you`ll be happy; if not you`ll become a philosopher.   -Socrates 
My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way.   -Ernest Hemingway
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.   -Aristotle 
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.   -Abraham Lincoln
My experience is that as soon as people are old enough to know better, they don`t know anything at all.   -Oscar Wilde
My fellow citizens of the world: ask not what America will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man.   -John F. Kennedy
My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.   -George Washington
My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil.   -Paul Getty
My friends are my estate.   -Emily Dickinson
My goal is to someday be the person my dog thinks I am.   -Author Unknown
My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me.   -Benjamin Disraeli
My idea of courage is the guy who has $500,000 tied up in the stock market and turns to the box scores first!   -Earl Wilson
My life is my message.   -Mahatma Gandhi
My mind is my own church.   -Thomas Paine
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.   -Jack Nicholson
My observation is that whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty. Iit is worse executed by two persons, and scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.   -George Washington
My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.   -Woody Allen
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.   -Oprah Winfrey
My political ambitions have nothing to do with vanity or the desire for power. I want to help people. I owe them something after all they`ve done for me.   -Arnold Schwarzenegger
My second favorite household chore is ironing. My first being hitting my head on the top bunk bed until I faint.   -Erna Bombeck
My son first wanted to go to Stanford, which I thought was O.K. The weather is pretty good, and it`s a fairly short drive to the beach. But it wouldn`t be as good as let`s say, Pepperdine, which is in Malibu. And he said, `Dad, what about the education?` I said, `Clearly, I failed as a parent.`   -Larry Ellison
My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far today, I have finished 2 bags of M&M`s and a chocolate cake. I feel better already.   -Dave Barry
My toughest fight was with my first wife.   -Muhammad Ali
My wife is as handsome as when she was a girl, and I...fell in love with her; and what is more, I have never fallen out.   -Abraham Lincoln
Natural selection, the unconscious, automatic, blind yet essentially non-random process that Darwin discovered, has no purpose in mind. If it can be said to play the role of watchmaker in nature, it is the blind watchmaker.   -Richard Dawkins
Nature does nothing uselessly.   -Aristotle 
Nature, even when she is scant and thin outwardly, satisfies us still by the assurance of a certain generosity at the roots.   -Henry Thoreau
Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds.   -Siddhartha Buddha
Neither man or nation can exist without a sublime idea.   -Fyodor Dostoevsky
Never ascribe to malice, that which can be explained by incompetence.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Never continue in a job you don`t enjoy. If you`re happy in what you`re doing, you`ll like yourself, you`ll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.   -Johnny Carson
Never exaggerate your faults. Your friends will attend to that.   -Francis Bacon
Never express yourself more clearly than you are able to think.   -Niels Bohr
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.    - Napoleon Bonaparte 
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Never murder a man who is committing suicide.   -Woodrow Wilson
Never open the door to a lesser evil, for other and greater ones invariably slink in after it.   -Baltasar Gracian
Never pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel.   -Bill Clinton
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.   -George Patton
New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without any other reason but because they are not already common.   -John Locke
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.   -Theodore Roosevelt
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong.   -Albert Einstein
No enterprise can exist for itself alone. It ministers to some great need, it performs some great service, not for itself, but for others; or failing therein, it ceases to be profitable and ceases to exist.   -Calvin Coolidge
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.   -Plato 
No good film is too long and no bad film is short enough.   -Roger Ebert
No great genius has ever existed without some touch of madness.   -Aristotle 
No human thing is of serious importance.   -Plato 
No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money.   -Samuel Johnson
No man ever listened himself out of a job.   -Calvin Coolidge
No man is entitled to the blessings of freedom unless he be vigilant in its preservation.   -Douglas MacArthur
No man, who continues to add something to the material, intellectual and moral well-being of the place in which he lives, is left long without proper reward.   -Booker T. Washington
No matter how hard the loss, defeat might serve as well as victory to shake the soul and let the glory out.   -Al Gore
No matter what they`re charging to get in, it`s worth more to get out.   -Roger Ebert
No matter what you do, somebody always imputes meaning into your books.   -Theodor Seuss Geisel
No one gossips about other people`s secret virtues.   -Bertrand Russell
No one would choose a friendless existence on condition of having all the other things in the world.   -Aristotle 
No one would have doubted his ability to reign had he never been emperor.   -Tacitus 
No people can be great who have ceased to be virtuous.   -Samuel Johnson
No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There`s too much fraternizing with the enemy.   -Henry Kissinger
No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism.   -George Berkeley
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.   -Robert Frost
No; we have been as usual asking the wrong question. It does not matter a hoot what the mockingbird on the chimney is singing. The real and proper question is: Why is it beautiful?   -Annie Dillard
Noble character is best appreciated in those ages in which it can most readily develop.   -Tacitus 
Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations.   -Aldous Huxley
Nobody in football should be called a genius. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein.   -Joe Theismann
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.   -Edmund Burke
Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution. Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.   -Thomas Edison
None are so fond of secrets as those who do not mean to keep them.   -Charles Caleb Colton
Nonviolence is the greatest force at the disposal of mankind. It is mightier than the mightiest weapon of destruction devised by the ingenuity of man.   -Mahatma Gandhi
Not all chemicals are bad. Without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vital ingredient in beer.   -Dave Barry
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.    - Albert Einstein 
Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday.   -Woody Allen
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving.   -WT Purkiser
Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them.   -Charles Darwin
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
Nothing is more obstinate than a fashionable consensus.   -Margaret Thatcher
Nothing is quite so wretchedly corrupt as an aristocracy which has lost its power but kept its wealth and which still has endless leisure to devote to nothing but banal enjoyments. All its great thoughts and passionate energy are things of the past, and nothing but a host of petty, gnawing vices now cling to it like worms to a corpse.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference.   -Edmund Burke
Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes.   -Bill Cosby
Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours.   -C.S. Lewis
Now is our chance to choose the right side. God is holding back to give us that chance. It won`t last forever. We must take it or leave it.   -C.S. Lewis
Now more than ever before, the people are responsible for the character of their Congress. If that body be ignorant, reckless and corrupt, it is because the people tolerate ignorance, recklessness and corruption.   -James Garfield
Now my own suspicion is that the Universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose.   -J.B.S. Haldane
Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change.   -Marcus Aurelius
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.    - Henry Ford 
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.   -Henry Ford
Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken.   -Adolf Hitler
Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills.   -Ambrose Bierce
Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst.   -C.S. Lewis
Of all lies, art is the least untrue.   -Gustave Flaubert
Of course I don`t believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not.   -Niels Bohr
Of course it`s the same old story. Truth usually is the same old story.   -Margaret Thatcher
Of course the meek will inherit the earth, what, did you think they`d take it by force?   -Author Unknown
Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country.   -Hermann Goering
Of the delights of this world man cares most for sexual intercourse, yet he has left it out of his heaven.   -Mark Twain
Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought.   -Emily Dickinson
Old age has deformities enough of its own. It should never add to them the deformity of vice.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you`ve got to start young.   -Theodore Roosevelt
On my way here I passed a local cinema and it turned out you were expecting me after all, for the billboards read: The Mummy Returns.   -Margaret Thatcher
On the Japanese news, if the announcers had happy faces and perky voices, I knew that meant good news, such as that Japanese scientists had discovered a way to make VCR`s even more difficult for Americans to program; whereas if the announcers had serious voices and frowny faces, it meant bad news, such as the worsening eel shortage.   -Dave Barry
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.   -Woody Allen
Once abolish the God, and the government becomes the God.   -GK Chesterton
Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action.    - Auric Goldfinger, in "Goldfinger" by Ian L. Fleming 
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.    - Sherlock Holmes 
One man cannot hold another man down in the ditch without remaining down in the ditch with him.   -Booker T. Washington
One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what`s more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous.   -Aldous Huxley
One of the most responsible things you can do as an adult is to become more of a child.   -Wayne Dyer
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important.    - Bertrand Russell 
One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words.   -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
One should never trust a woman who tells her real age. If she tells that, she`ll tell anything.   -Oscar Wilde
One swallow does not make a summer.   -Aristotle 
Only Americans can hurt America.   -Dwight Eisenhower
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men. The other 999 follow women.   -Groucho Marx
Only the extremely ignorant or the extremely intelligent can resist change.   -Socrates 
Only the sinner has the right to preach.   -Christopher Morley
Only those who are fit to live do not fear to die. And none are fit to die who have shrunk from the joy of life and the duty of life. Both life and death are parts of the same great adventure.   -Theodore Roosevelt
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.   -T.S. Eliot
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.    - Albert Einstein 
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I`m not sure about the former.   -Albert Einstein
Opportunity is missed by most people because it comes dressed in overalls and looks like work.   -Thomas Edison
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.   -Laurence Peter
Other than heaven, the only place where one`s heart is completely safe from the dangers of love is hell.   -C.S. Lewis
Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for civil and religious liberty.   -Samuel Adams
Our destiny is bound up with the destiny of every other American.   -Bill Clinton
Our destruction, should it come at all, will be from another quarter. From the inattention of the people to the concerns of their government.   -Daniel Webster
Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear — kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor — with the cry of grave national emergency. Always there has been some terrible evil at home or some monstrous foreign power that was going to gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it.   -Douglas MacArthur
Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature.   -T.S. Eliot
Our hope of immortality does not come from any religions, but nearly all religions come from that hope.   -Robert G. Ingersoll
Our intention creates our reality.   -Wayne Dyer
Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.   -Thomas Jefferson
Our natural, inalienable rights are now considered to be a dispensation from government, and freedom has never been so fragile, so close to slipping from our grasp as it is at this moment.   -Ronald Reagan
Our only hope today lies in our ability to recapture the revolutionary spirit and go into a sometimes hostile world declaring eternal hostility to poverty, racism, and militarism.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
Our true nationality is mankind.   -H.G. Wells
PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom — and of whom only — it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President.   -Ambrose Bierce
Pain is just weakness leaving the body.   -Author Unknown
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.   -Pablo Picasso
Paley`s argument is made with passionate sincerity and is informed by the best biological scholarship of his day, but it is wrong, gloriously and utterly wrong.   -Richard Dawkins
Parents are not interested in justice, they`re interested in peace and quiet.   -Bill Cosby
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.   -George Bernard Shaw
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it.   -Thomas Jefferson
Peace is its own reward.   -Mahatma Gandhi
Peace, commerce, and honest friendship with all nations -- entangling alliances with none.   -Thomas Jefferson
People are generally amazed that I would take an interest in any form that would require me to stop talking for three hours.   -Henry Kissinger
People are unreasonable, illogical, and self-centered. Love them anyway. If you do good, people may accuse you of selfish motives. Do good anyway. If you are successful, you may win false friends and true enemies. Succeed anyway. The good you do today may be forgotten tomorrow. Do good anyway. Honesty and transparency make you vulnerable. Be honest and transparent anyway. What you spend years building may be destroyed overnight. Build anyway. People who really want help may attack you if you help them. Help them anyway. Give the world the best you have and you may get hurt. Give the world your best anyway.   -Mother Teresa
People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe.   -Stanley Kubrick
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid.    - Soren Aabye Kierkegaard 
People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be.   -Author Unknown
People sometimes ask if I have tried to convince black `leaders` to take a different view on racial issues. Of course not. I wouldn`t spend my time trying to persuade the mafia to give up crime. Why should I spend time trying to convince race hustlers to give up victimhood? It`s their bread and butter.   -Thomas Sowell
People want to know why I do this, why I write such gross stuff. I like to tell them that I have the heart of a small boy...and I keep it in a jar on my desk.   -Stephen King
People will pay more to be entertained than educated.   -Johnny Carson
People wish to learn to swim and at the same time to keep one foot on the ground.   -Marcel Proust
Perfect humility dispenses with modesty.   -C.S. Lewis
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.    - Antoine de Saint Exupery
Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business.   -Calvin Coolidge
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.   -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan `press on` has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.   -Calvin Coolidge
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.   -Aristotle 
Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned.   -Author Unknown
Philosophy is written in this grand book - I mean the Universe - which stands continually open to our gaze, but it cannot be understood unless one first learns to comprehend the language and interpret the characters in which it is written.  It is written in the language of mathematics, and its characters are triangles, circles and other geometrical figures, without which it is humanly impossible to understand a single word of it.   -Galileo Galilei
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.   -Ansel Adams
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.   -Jonathan Kozol
Playboy exploits sex the way Sports Illustrated exploits sports.   -Hugh Hefner
Playboy was founded on the notion that nice girls like sex too.   -Hugh Hefner
Playing dead not only comes in handy when face to face with a bear, but also at important business meetings.   -Jack Handey
Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words.   -Robert Frost
Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with.   -Will Rogers
Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards, if you disgrace yourself you can always write a book.   -Ronald Reagan
Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.   -Robert Louis Stevenson
Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.   -Ronald Reagan
Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.   -George Orwell
Power is the ultimate aphrodisiac.   -Henry Kissinger
Power over a man`s subsistence is power over his will.   -Alexander Hamilton
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.   -Niels Bohr
Pride gets no pleasure out of having something, only out of having more of it than the next man.   -C.S. Lewis
Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities.   -Aristotle 
Problems worthy of attack prove their worth by fighting back.    - Paul Erdos 
Progress comes from the intelligent use of experience.   -Elbert Hubbard
Prosperity is the measure or touchstone of virtue, for it is less difficult to bear misfortune than to remain uncorrupted by pleasure.   -Tacitus 
Put it before them briefly so they will read it, clearly so they will appreciate it, picturesquely so they will remember it and, above all, accurately so they will be guided by its light.   -Joseph Pulitzer
Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.   -Thomas Jefferson
Quotations, like much better things, has its abuses.   -Isaac Disraeli
Rarely do we find men who willingly engage in hard, solid thinking. There is an almost universal quest for easy answers and half-baked solutions.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
Reading without reflecting is like eating without digesting.   -Edmund Burke
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody`s going to know whether you did it or not.   -Oprah Winfrey
Real loss is only possible when you love something more than you love yourself.   -Robin Williams
Real love stories never have endings.   -Richard Bach
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.    - Albert Einstein 
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.   -Albert Einstein
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn`t go away.   -Phillip K. Dick
Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization.   -John Dewey
Reasoning is never, like poetry, judged from the outside at all.   -C.S. Lewis
Religion is all bunk.   -Thomas Edison
Religion is essentially the art and the theory of the remaking of man. Man is not a finished creation.   -Edmund Burke
Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage.   -Dennis Potter
Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.   -Benjamin Franklin
Reputation is character minus what you`ve been caught doing.   -Michael Iapoce
Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can shoulder them; power to the man who knows how.   -Elbert Hubbard
Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true  gift is a portion of yourself.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Risk is what separates the good part of life from the tedium.   -John Foley (Johnny Zero)
Round numbers are always false.   -Samuel Johnson
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory.   -Mahatma Gandhi
Saving is a fine thing. Especially when your parents have done it for you.   -Winston Churchill
Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a man`s upper chamber, if he has common sense on the ground floor.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Scientists make a guess and call it a hypothesis. `Guess` is too short a word for a professor.   -William Jennings Bryan
Scientists tell us that the fastest animal on earth, with a top speed of 120 ft/sec, is a cow that has been dropped out of a helicopter.   -Dave Barry
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting.   -George Orwell
Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.   -George Burns
Sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely wonderful - provided you get between the right man and the right woman.   -Woody Allen
Sex is emotion in motion.   -Mae West
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it`s pretty damn good.   -Woody Allen
She didn`t reckon with the awesome power of the Chief of Police! Now where did I put my badge?...Hey, that duck`s got it!   -Chief Wiggum
She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other.   -Robin Williams
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.   -Thomas Edison
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?   -Fulton J. Sheen
Silence is golden when you can`t think of a good answer.   -Muhammad Ali
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other `sins` are invented nonsense.   -Robert Heinlein
Sitting at the table doesn`t make you a diner, unless you eat some of what`s on that plate.  Being here in America doesn`t make you an American.  Being born here in America doesn`t make you an American.   -Malcolm X
Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.   -Tom Stoppard
Sleep is an excellent way of listening to an opera.    - James Stephens 
Slump? I ain`t in no slump... I just ain`t hitting.   -Yogi Berra
So let us begin anew -- remembering on both sides that civility is not a sign of weakness, and sincerity is always subject to proof. Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.   -John F. Kennedy
Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel or envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery.   -Winston Churchill
Some Americans need hyphens in their names, because only part of them has come over; but when the whole man has come over, heart and thought and all, the hyphen drops of its own weight out of his name.   -Woodrow Wilson
Some are weather-wise, some are otherwise.   -Benjamin Franklin
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.    - Oscar Wilde 
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers.   -T.S. Eliot
Some men see things as they are and say why - I dream things that never were and say why not.   -George Bernard Shaw
Some men would rather pursue happiness than obtain it.   -Roger Ebert
Some national parks have long waiting lists for camping reservations. When you have to wait a year to sleep next to a tree, something is wrong.   -George Carlin
Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage.   -Ronald Reagan
Some people seem as if they can never have been children, and others seem as if they could never be anything else.   -George Dennison Prentice
Some people use language to express thought, some to conceal thought, and others instead of thought.   -Author Unknown
Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are.   -Elbert Hubbard
Sometimes I think we`re alone. Sometimes I think we`re not. In either case, the thought is staggering.   -Buckminster Fuller
Sometimes people call me an idealist.  Well, that is the way I know I am an American.  America is the only idealistic nation in the world.   -Woodrow Wilson
Sometimes when reading Goethe I have the paralyzing suspicion that he is trying to be funny.    - Guy Davenport
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.   -Ambrose Bierce
Speaking the Truth in times of universal deceit is a revolutionary act.   -George Orwell
Special-interest publications should realize that if they are attracting enough advertising and readers to make a profit, the interest is not so special.   -Fran Lebowitz
Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I`m not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene.   -Dwight Eisenhower
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.   -Mother Teresa
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides.   -Margaret Thatcher
Start off every day with a smile and get it over with.   -W.C. Fields
Strange that the vanity which accompanies beauty -- excusable, perhaps, when there is such great beauty, or at any rate understandable -- should persist after the beauty was gone.   -Aristotle 
Struggle is the father of all things. It is not by the principles of humanity that man lives or is able to preserve himself above the animal world, but solely by means of the most brutal struggle. If you do not fight, life will never be won.   -Adolf Hitler
Stuffwise we are not a lean operation. We`re the kind of people who, if we were deciding what absolute minimum essential items we`d need to carry in our backpacks for the final, treacherous ascent to the summit of Mount Everest, would take along aquarium filters, just in case.   -Dave Barry
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.   -George Bernard Shaw
Success is dependent upon the glands; sweat glands.   -Zig Ziglar
Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.   -Winston Churchill
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.   -Earl Wilson
Success on any major scale requires you to accept responsibility. In the final analysis, the one quality that all successful people have is the ability to take on responsibility.   -Michael Korda
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it    - Henry David Thoreau 
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.   -Henry Thoreau
Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position.   -Theodore Roosevelt
Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes.   -Adam Smith
Suffrage is the pivotal right.   -Susan B. Anthony
Sundance is weird. The movies are weird. You actually have to think about them when you watch them.   -Britney Spears
Tact is the knack of making a point without making an enemy.   -Isaac Newton
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.   -Dale Carnegie
Take the diplomacy out of war and the thing would fall flat in a week.   -Will Rogers
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Talent alone won`t make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: `Are you ready?`   -Johnny Carson
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must.    - Edward George Bulwer-Lytton 
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.   -Stephen King
Talking about golf is always boring. (Playing golf can be interesting, but not the part where you try to hit the little ball; only the part where you drive the cart.)   -Dave Barry
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.   -Steve Martin
Television has brought back murder into the home, where it belongs.   -Alfred Hitchcock
Television is the first truly democratic culture - the first culture available to everybody and entirely governed by what the people want. The most terrifying thing is what people do want.   -Clive Barnes
That is the consolation of a little mind; you have the fun of changing it without impeding the progress of mankind.   -Frank Moore Colby
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history.   -Aldous Huxley
That service is the noblest which is rendered for its own sake.   -Mahatma Gandhi
That woman speaks eighteen languages and she can`t say `no` in any one of them.   -Dorothy Parker
That would be a good thing for them to cut on my tombstone: Wherever she went, including here, it was against her better judgment.   -Dorothy Parker
The American people are slow to wrath, but when their wrath is once kindled it burns like a consuming flame.   -Theodore Roosevelt
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because they are generally the same people.   -GK Chesterton
The Christian ideal has not been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and left untried.   -GK Chesterton
The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery.   -Dave Barry
The Goliath of totalitarianism will be brought down by the David of the microchip.   -Ronald Reagan
The IQ and the life expectancy of the average American recently passed each other going in the oposite direction.   -George Carlin
The Law of conservation of energy tells us we can`t get something for nothing, but we refuse to believe it.   -Isaac Asimov
The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest.   -George Washington
The President of the United States hears a hundred voices telling him that he is the greatest man in the world. He must listen carefully to hear the one voice that tells him he`s not.   -Harry Truman
The Psalmists in telling everyone to praise God are doing what all men do when they speak of what they care about.   -C.S. Lewis
The West will not contain Communism, it will transcend Communism. We will not bother to denounce it, we`ll dismiss it as a sad, bizarre chapter in human history whose last pages are even now being written.   -Ronald Reagan
The White House: I don`t know whether it`s the finest public housing in America or the crown jewel of the prison system.   -Bill Clinton
The absent are easily refuted.   -C.S. Lewis
The act of defending any of the cardinal virtues has today all the exhilaration of a vice.   -GK Chesterton
The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball.   -Doug Larson
The aim of good prose words is to mean what they say. The aim of good poetical words is to mean what they do not say.   -GK Chesterton
The art of acceptance is the art of making someone who has done you a small favor wish that he might have done you a greater one.   -Russell Lynes
The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape.   -Pablo Picasso
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.    - Emile Zola 
The atheist has no hope.   -J.F. Clarke
The beauty of religious mania is that it has the power to explain everything. Once God (or Satan) is accepted as the first cause of everything which happens in the mortal world, nothing is left to chance... logic can be happily tossed out the window.   -Stephen King
The beauty of the past belongs to the past.   -Margaret Bourke-White
The beginning is the most important part of the work.   -Plato 
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.   -Winston Churchill
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.   -William F. Buckley
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.   -Ronald Reagan
The best things and best people rise out of their separateness; I`m against a homogenized society because I want the cream to rise.   -Robert Frost
The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil.   -Thomas Edison
The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right.   -Jill Ruckleshaus
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office.   -Robert Frost
The buck stops here.   -Harry Truman
The cable TV sex channels don`t expand our horizons, don`t make us better people and don`t come in clearly enough.   -Bill Maher
The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it.   -Oscar Wilde
The country shall be independent, and we will be satisfied with nothing short of it.   -Samuel Adams
The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness.   -Christopher Morley
The covers of this book are too far apart.   -Ambrose Bierce
The curve is more powerful than the sword.   -Mae West
The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis.   -Dante Alighieri
The degree of one`s emotions varies inversely with one`s knowledge of the facts: the less you know the hotter you get.   -Bertrand Russell
The difference between 'involvement' and 'commitment' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved' - the pig was 'committed'.    - unknown
The difference between Los Angeles and yogurt is that yogurt comes with less fruit.   -Rush Limbaugh
The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, even when it has worked and he has not been caught.   -Henry Mencken
The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.   -Johnny Carson
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.   -Jimmy Johnson
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.   -Gloria Leonard
The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you.   -Woody Allen
The doors of wisdom are never shut.   -Benjamin Franklin
The dream is the small hidden door in the deepest and most intimate sanctum of the soul, which opens to that primeval cosmic night that was soul long before there was conscious ego and will be soul far beyond what a conscious ego could ever reach.   -Carl Jung
The energy, the faith, the devotion which we bring this endeavor will light our bounty and all who serve it, and the glow from that fire can truly light the world.   -John F. Kennedy
The essence of childhood, of course, is play, which my friends and I did endlessly on streets that we reluctantly shared with traffic.   -Bill Cosby
The fact of evolution is the backbone of biology, and biology is thus in the peculiar position of being a science founded on an improved theory, is it then a science or faith?   -Charles Darwin
The finest emotion of which we are capable is the mystic emotion. Herein lies the germ of all art and all true science. Anyone to whom this feeling is alien, who is no longer capable of wonderment and lives in a state of fear is a dead man. To know that what is impenatrable for us really exists and manifests itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty, whose gross forms alone are intelligible to our poor faculties - this knowledge, this feeling ... that is the core of the true religious sent iment. In this sense, and in this sense alone, I rank myself amoung profoundly religious men.   -Albert Einstein
The first of April is the day we remember what we are the other 364 days of the year.   -Mark Twain
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool.   -Richard P. Feynman
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.   -Bill Gates
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.   -Dorothy Parker
The flames kindled on the Fourth of July, 1776, have spread over too much of the globe to be extinguished by the feeble engines of despotism; on the contrary, they will consume these engines and all who work them.   -Thomas Jefferson
The free man owns himself. He can damage himself with either eating or drinking; he can ruin himself with gambling. If he does he is certainly a damn fool, and he might possibly be a damned soul; but if he may not, he is not a free man any more than a dog.   -GK Chesterton
The full use of your powers along lines of excellence.    - definition of "happiness" by John F. Kennedy 
The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today`s complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you`re a guy, you cannot have enough RAM.   -Dave Barry
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.   -Ambrose Bierce
The gap between those who worship different gods is not so wide as the gap between those who worship and those who don`t.   -C.S. Lewis
The government consists of a gang of men exactly like you and me. They have, taking one with another, no special talent for the business of government; they have only a talent for getting and holding office.   -Henry Mencken
The government is best which governs least.   -Thomas Jefferson
The government of the United States is a device for maintaining in perpetuity the rights of the people, with the ultimate extinction of all privileged classes.   -Calvin Coolidge
The grand aim of all science is to cover the greatest number of empirical facts by logical deduction from the smallest number of hypotheses or axioms.   -Albert Einstein
The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes.   -Stanley Kubrick
The great principle which this house ought to guard and cherish is that, when the tax collector comes to the private citizen and takes from him of his wealth for the services of the public, the whole of that money taken shall go for the purposes for which it is intended, and that no private interests, however powerfully they may be organized and however eloquently advocated, shall thrust their dirty fingers into the pie and take the profits for themselves.   -Winston Churchill
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.   -John F. Kennedy
The greatest friend of Truth is time, her greatest enemy is Prejudice, and her constant companion Humility.   -Charles Caleb Colton
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.   -Elbert Hubbard
The greatest pleasure of life is love.   -William Temple
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.   -Thomas Paine
The greatest thing you can do is surprise yourself.   -Steve Martin
The greatness comes not when things always go good for you. But the greatness comes when you`re really tested, when you take some knocks, some disappointments when sadness comes. Because only if you`ve been in the deepest valley can you ever know how magnificent it is to be on the highest mountain.   -Richard Nixon
The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong.   -Ronald Reagan
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.   -Thomas Paine
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
The heights by great men reached and kept, were not obtained by sudden flight. But they, while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night.   -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The history of liberty is a history of limitation of government power, not the increase of it.   -Woodrow Wilson
The humblest citizen of all the land; when clad in the armour of a righteous cause; is stronger than all the hosts of Error.   -William Jennings Bryan
The information encoded in your DNA determines your unique biological characteristics, such as sex, eye color, age and Social Security number.   -Dave Barry
The instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free. First, society begins by trying to beat you up. If this fails, they try to poison you. If this fails too, they finish by loading honors on your head.    - Jean Cocteau 
The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all.   -Oscar Wilde
The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first.   -Blaise Pascal
The least initial deviation from the truth is multiplied later a thousandfold.   -Aristotle 
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.   -Carl Jung
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.   -Alfred Hitchcock
The liberties of a people never were, nor ever will be, secure, when the transactions of their rulers may be concealed from them.   -Patrick Henry
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it; so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.   -Elbert Hubbard
The louder he talked of his honor, the faster we counted our spoons.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The love we give away is the only love we keep.   -Elbert Hubbard
The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts but learning how to make facts live.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
The man who acts humble in order to win praise is guilty of the lowest form of pride.   -Nachman of Bratslav
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.   -Mark Twain
The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers.   -Thomas Jefferson
The man who regards life as meaningless is not merely unfortunate, but almost disqualified for life.   -Albert Einstein
The man who says he is willing to meet you halfway is usually a poor judge of distance.   -Laurence Peter
The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.   -Muhammad Ali
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments.   -George Washington
The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home.   -James Madison
The measure of your life will not be in what you accumulate, but in what you give away.   -Wayne Dyer
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.   -Carl Jung
The mind does not create what it perceives, any more than the eye creates the rose.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The mind of a bigot is like the pupil of the eye. The more light you shine on it, the more it will contract.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-à-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value.   -Oscar Wilde
The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work.   -Elbert Hubbard
The mistakes are all waiting to be made.    - chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower 
The mode by which the inevitable comes to pass is effort.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
The more man puts into God, the less he retains in himself. The worker puts his life into the object; but now his life no longer belongs to him, but to the object.   -Karl Marx
The more often a man feels without acting, the less he`ll be able to act. And in the long run, the less he`ll be able to feel.   -C.S. Lewis
The more you read and observe about this Politics thing you got to admit that each party is worse than the other.   -Will Rogers
The most depraved type of being is that without purpose.   -Ayn Rand
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not `Eureka!` (I found it!) but `That`s funny...`   -Isaac Asimov
The movies that are the easiest to make are the hardest to watch.   -Bruce Campbell
The music business is a cruel and shallow money trench, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free, and good men die like dogs. There`s also a negative side.   -Hunter S. Thompson
The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten.   -Calvin Coolidge
The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them.   -George Orwell
The nice thing about being a celebrity is that if you bore people they think it's their fault.    - Henry Kissinger 
The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender, religion, economic status or ethnic background, is that, deep down inside, we ALL believe that we are above- average drivers.   -Dave Barry
The only defensible war is a war of defense.   -GK Chesterton
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.    - Salvador Dali 
The only good thing about books is that they can be adapted into films.   -Michael Votto
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.   -Franklin D. Roosevelt
The only prize much cared for by the powerful is power.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.   -John Powell
The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture, finished, and put inside boxes.   -Dave Barry
The only reason I`m in Hollywood is that I don`t have the moral courage to refuse the money.   -Marlon Brando
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn`t happen at once.   -Albert Einstein
The only secure knowledge is that I exist.   -Rene Descartes
The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.   -Johnny Carson
The only thing that does not change is that at any and every time it appears that there have been `great changes.`   -Marcel Proust
The only thing worse than a man you can`t control is a man you can.   -Margo Kaufman
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.    - Oscar Wilde 
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.   -Dale Carnegie
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don`t want, drink what you don`t like, and do what you`d rather not.   -Mark Twain
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.    - Niels Bohr 
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true.    - James Branch Cabell
The paradoxes of today are the prejudices of tomorrow, since the most benighted and the most deplorable prejudices have had their moment of novelty when fashion lent them its fragile grace.   -Marcel Proust
The partisan, when he is engaged in a dispute, cares nothing about the rights of the question, but is anxious only to convince his hearers of his own assertions.   -Plato 
The path to greatness is along with others.   -Baltasar Gracian
The path to youth takes a whole life.   -Pablo Picasso
The people are their own liberators.   -Nelson Mandela
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want and if they can`t find them, make them.   -George Bernard Shaw
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.   -Henry Ward Beecher
The poet is in command of his fantasy, while it is exactly the mark of the neurotic that he is possessed by his fantasy.   -Lionel Trilling
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.   -George Bernard Shaw
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it.    - George Bernard Shaw 
The practice of art isn`t to make a living. It`s to make your soul grow.   -Kurt Vonnegut
The presidency is now a cross between a popularity contest and a high school debate, with an encyclopedia of cliches the first prize.   -Saul Bellow
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.   -Thomas Jefferson
The problem is not that we have too many fools, it`s that the lightning isn`t distributed right.   -Mark Twain
The prosperity of a country can be seen simply in how it treats its old people.   -Nachman of Bratslav
The purpose of all wars, is peace.   -Saint Augustine
The reason gas stations sell food, of course, is that the supermarkets are busy cashing checks. The supermarkets have to cash checks because the banks are busy mailing unsolicited credit cards to everybody in the Western Hemisphere. The result is that very few people fix cars.   -Dave Barry
The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it.   -Mark Twain
The reason why truth is so much stranger than fiction is that there is no requirement for it to be consistent.   -Mark Twain
The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.   -Elbert Hubbard
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.   -Aristotle 
The secret of acting is sincerity. If you can fake that, you`ve got it made.   -George Burns
The secret of getting things done is to act!   -Dante Alighieri
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.   -Benjamin Disraeli
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows.    - Aristotle Onassis 
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.    - Albert Einstein 
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.   -Albert Einstein
The simplification of anything is always sensational.   -GK Chesterton
The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge.   -Ambrose Bierce
The supernatural is the natural not yet understood.   -Elbert Hubbard
The taxpayers are sending congressmen on expensive trips abroad. It might be worth it except they keep coming back.   -Will Rogers
The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us.   -Rush Limbaugh
The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life.   -Theodore Roosevelt
The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job.   -Ronald Reagan
The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains.   -Marcel Proust
The tragedy of life doesn`t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.   -Benajamin Mays
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.   -Thomas Jefferson
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.    - Samuel Johnson 
The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.   -GK Chesterton
The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies.   -Author Unknown
The unthankful heart... discovers no mercies; but let the thankful heart sweep through the day and, as the magnet finds the iron, so it will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings!   -Henry Ward Beecher
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense.    - Edsgar Dijkstra
The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?   -Stephen Hawking
The victor will never be asked if he told the truth.   -Adolf Hitler
The weakness of men is the facade of strength; the strength of women is the facade of weakness.   -Lawrence Diggs
The well-bred contradict other people. The wise contradict themselves.   -Oscar Wilde
The whole art of war consists in a well-reasoned and extremely circumspect defensive, followed by rapid and audacious attack.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
The whole purpose of a husband and wife is that when hard times knock at the door you should be able to embrace each other.   -Nelson Mandela
The whole trouble is that we won`t let God help us.   -George MacDonald
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotations.   -Isaac Disraeli
The wise make proverbs, and fools repeat them.   -Isaac Disraeli
The wise man learns more from the fool than the fool learns from the wise man.   -Marcus Aurelius
The women of this Nation still retain the liberty to control their destinies. But the signs are evident and very ominous, and a chill wind blows.   -Harry Blackmun
The women of this nation in 1876, have greater cause for discontent, rebellion and revolution than the men of 1776.   -Susan B. Anthony
The words printed here are concepts. You must go through the experiences.   -Saint Augustine
The world always makes the assumption that the exposure of an error is identical with the discovery of truth--that the error and truth are simply opposite. They are nothing of the sort. What the world turns to, when it is cured on one error, is usually simply another error, and maybe one worse than the first one.   -Henry Mencken
The world has suffered more from the ravages of ill-advised marriages than from virginity.   -Ambrose Bierce
The world is a fine place, and worth fighting for.   -Ernest Hemingway
The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it.   -Helen Keller
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can`t be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.   -Elbert Hubbard
The worst of all fears is the fear of living.   -Theodore Roosevelt
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root.   -Henry Thoreau
There are events which are so great that if a writer has participated in them his obligation is to write truly rather than assume the presumption of altering them with invention.   -Ernest Hemingway
There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson.   -Victor Hugo
There are laws to protect the freedom of the press`s speech, but none that are worth anything to protect the people from the press.   -Mark Twain
There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters.   -Daniel Webster
There are only two forces in the world, the sword and the spirit. In the long run the sword will always be conquered by the spirit.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
There are only two places in the league--first place and no place.   -Tom Seaver
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.   -Albert Einstein
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.    - Mahatma Gandhi 
There are people who strictly deprive themselves of each and every eatable, drinkable, and smokable which has in any way acquired a shady reputation. They pay this price for health. And health is all they get for it. How strange it is. It is like paying out your whole fortune for a cow that has gone dry.   -Mark Twain
There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book.   -Marcel Proust
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.   -Christopher Morley
There are three things which are real: God, human folly, and laughter. The first two are beyond our comprehension. So we must do what we can with the third.   -John F. Kennedy
There are three types of baseball players: those who make things happen, those who watch it happen, and those who wonder what happens.   -Tommy Lasorda
There are two distinct classes of what are called thoughts: those that we produce in ourselves by reflection and the act of thinking and those that bolt into the mind of their own accord.   -Thomas Paine
There are two kinds of egotists: Those who admit it, and the rest of us.   -Laurence Peter
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.   -Laurence Peter
There are two ways of exerting one`s strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up.   -Booker T. Washington
There are two ways of spreading light -- to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.   -Edith Wharton
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.   -Margaret Thatcher
There comes a time when deceit and defiance must be seen for what they are. At that point, a gathering danger must be directly confronted. At that point, we must show that beyond our resolutions is actual resolve.   -Dick Cheney
There has been only one Christmas - the rest are anniversaries.   -W.J. Cameron
There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read.   -GK Chesterton
There is a remarkable breakdown of taste and intelligence at Christmas time.  Mature, responsible grown men wear neckties made of holly leaves and drink alcoholic beverages with raw egg yolks and cottage cheese in them.   -P.J. O'Rourke
There is a tragic flaw in our precious Constitution, and I don’t know what can be done to fix it. This is it: Only nut cases want to be president.   -Kurt Vonnegut
There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy.   -Albert Camus
There is hardly any activity, any enterprise, which is started out with such tremendous hopes and expectations, and yet which fails so regularly, as love.   -Erich Fromm
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God.   -Bill Cosby
There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life.    - Frank Zappa
There is no act, however virtuous, for which ingenuity may not find some bad motive.   -Thomas Jefferson
There is no failure except in no longer trying.   -Elbert Hubbard
There is no finer investment for any community than putting milk into babies.   -Winston Churchill
There is no force so democratic as the force of an ideal.   -Calvin Coolidge
There is no friend as loyal as a book.   -Ernest Hemingway
There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs.   -Dwight Eisenhower
There is no man, however wise, who has not at some period of his youth said things, or lived in a way the consciousness of which is so unpleasant to him in later life that he would gladly, if he could, expunge it from his memory.   -Marcel Proust
There is no substitute for hard work.   -Thomas Edison
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written.   -Oscar Wilde
There is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it.   -Alfred Hitchcock
There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come.   -Victor Hugo
There is nothing the matter with Americans except their ideals. The real American is all right; it is the ideal American who is all wrong.   -GK Chesterton
There is only one class in the community that thinks more about money than the rich, and that is the poor.   -Oscar Wilde
There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom.   -George W. Bush
There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen.   -Christopher Morley
There is only one step from the sublime to the ridiculous.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
There is time for everything.   -Thomas Edison
There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth.   -C.S. Lewis
There will be two kinds of people in the end: Those that will say to God `Thy will be done` and those to whom God will say `Thy will be done.`   -C.S. Lewis
There`s no present. There`s only the immediate future and the recent past.   -George Carlin
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.   -Andy Warhol
They defend their errors as if they were defending their inheritance.   -Edmund Burke
They say love is around every corner. I must be walking in circles.   -Author Unknown
They say that God is everywhere, and yet we always think of Him as somewhat of a recluse.   -Emily Dickinson
They sicken of the calm who know the storm.   -Dorothy Parker
Things are more like they are today than they have ever been before.   -Dwight Eisenhower
Think, every day, something no one else is thinking.   -Christopher Morley
Thinking is more precious than all five senses.   -Nachman of Bratslav
Thirty was so strange for me. I`ve really had to come to terms with the fact that I am now a walking and talking adult.   -C.S. Lewis
This book fills a much-needed gap.    - Moses Hadas 
This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime.   -Mike Tyson
This is fascinating! I love this picture! So I know it`s going to be a bomb. It`s always a disaster when you love something.   -John Cassavettes
This is the very perfection of a man, to find out his own imperfections.   -Saint Augustine
This wasn`t just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible. This was terrible with raisins in it.   -Dorothy Parker
This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum.   -Elbert Hubbard
Those are my principles. If you don`t like them I have others.   -Groucho Marx
Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves.   -James Matthew Barrie
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves.   -Abraham Lincoln
Those who excel in virtue have the best right of all to rebel, but then they are of all men the least inclined to do so.   -Aristotle 
Those who fear life are already three parts dead.   -Bertrand Russell
Those who trust to chance must abide by the results of chance.   -Calvin Coolidge
Those who want to live, let them fight, and those who do not want to fight in this world of eternal struggle do not deserve to live.   -Adolf Hitler
Those whom the gods love grow young.   -Oscar Wilde
Though it is very important for man as an individual that his religion should be true, that is not the case for society. Society has nothing to fear or hope from another life; what is most important for it is not that all citizens profess the true religion but that they should profess religion.   -Alexis de Tocqueville
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.   -Carl Jung
Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th`s] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion.   -Tim Blair
Time passes, and little by little everything that we have spoken in falsehood becomes true.   -Marcel Proust
Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not. Time takes it all, time bears it away, and in the end there is only darkness. Sometimes we find others in that darkness, and sometimes we lose them there again.   -Stephen King
Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them.   -Marcel Proust
Tis a common observation here that our cause is the cause of all mankind, and that we are fighting for their liberty in defending our own.   -Benjamin Franklin
To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.   -Elbert Hubbard
To be trusted is a greater complement than to be loved.   -George MacDonald
To be wise and love exceeds man`s might.   -William Shakespeare
To be, or not to be: that is the question.   -William Shakespeare
To cease smoking is the easiest thing I ever did. I ought to know because I`ve done it a thousand times.   -Mark Twain
To dare is to lose one`s footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.   -Soren Aabye Kierkegaard
To dare to live alone is the rarest courage; since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet.   -Charles Caleb Colton
To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate.   -Dave Barry
To err is human; to forgive is divine.   -Alexander Pope
To find out a girl`s faults, praise her to her girl friends.   -Benjamin Franklin
To give and not expect return, that is what lies at the heart of love.   -Oscar Wilde
To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you.   -Oscar Wilde
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.   -Thomas Edison
To know the pains of power, we must go to those who have it; to know its pleasures, we must go to those who are seeking it.   -Charles Caleb Colton
To laugh with others is one of life`s great pleasures. To be laughed at by others is one of life`s great hurts.   -Frank Tyger
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.   -Emily Dickinson
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance    - Oscar Wilde 
To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science.   -Isaac Newton
To photograph truthfully and effectively is to see beneath the surfaces and record the qualities of nature and humanity which live or are latent in all things.   -Ansel Adams
To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.   -Abraham Lincoln
To teach how to live with uncertainty, yet without being paralyzed by hesitation, is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy can do.   -Bertrand Russell
To those new States whom we welcome to the ranks of the free, we pledge our word that one form of colonial control shall not have passed away merely to be replaced by a far more iron tyranny.   -John F. Kennedy
To those who do not know mathematics it is difficult to get across a real feeling as to the beauty, the deepest beauty, of nature. If you want to learn about nature, to appreciate nature, it is necessary to understand the language that she speaks in.   -Richard P. Feynman
To us, the moment 8:17 A.M. means something - something very important, if it happens to be the starting time of our daily train. To our ancestors, such an odd eccentric instant was without significance - did not even exist. In inventing the locomotive, Watt and Stevenson were part inventors of time.   -Aldous Huxley
To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written.   -Jean-Jacques Rousseau
To write history one must be more than a man, since the author who holds the pen of this great justiciary must be free from all preoccupation of interest or vanity.   -Napoleon Bonaparte
Today I begin to understand what love must be, if it exists. When we are parted, we each feel the lack of the other half of ourselves. We are incomplete like a book in two volumes of which the first has been lost. That is what I imagine love to be: incompleteness in absence.   -Edmond and Jules de Goncourt
Today`s students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude, but their attitude, that will determine their altitude.   -Jesse Jackson
Tokyo is huge. Something like 15 million people live there, and my estimate is that at any given moment, 14.7 million of them are lost. This is because the Tokyo street system holds the world outdoor record for randomness. A map of Tokyo looks like a tub of hyperactive bait. There is virtually no street that goes directly from anywhere to anywhere.   -Dave Barry
Too much capitalism does not mean too many capitalists, but too few capitalists.   -GK Chesterton
Traditions are group efforts to keep the unexpected from happening.   -Barbara Tober
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.    - Mel Brooks
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.   -Mel Brooks
True friends stab you in the front.   -Oscar Wilde
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island….to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.   -Baltasar Gracian
True pacifism is not unrealistic submission to an evil power...it is rather a courageous confrontation with evil by the power of love, in the faith that it is better to be the recipient of violence than the inflicter of it, since the latter only multiplies the existence of violence and bitterness in the universe, while the former may develop a sense of shame in the opponent, and thereby bring about a transformation and change of heart.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else.   -Clarence Darrow
Trust the man who hesitates in his speech and is quick and steady in action, but beware of long arguments and long beards.   -George Santayana
Truth is confirmed by inspection and delay; falsehood by haste and uncertainty.   -Tacitus 
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.   -Abraham Lincoln
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.   -Robert Frost
Under democracy one party always devotes its chief energies to trying to prove that the other party is unfit to rule - and both commonly succeed, and are right.   -Henry Mencken
Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government.   -Richard Nixon
United States! Go put your creed into your deed.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Unless Christianity is wholly false, the perception of ourselves which we have in moments of shame must be the only true one.   -C.S. Lewis
Unless you believe, you will not understand.   -Saint Augustine
Until man duplicates a blade of grass, nature can laugh at his so-called scientific knowledge.   -Thomas Edison
Until you`ve lost your reputation, you never realize what a burden it was or what freedom really is.   -Margaret Mitchell
Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake.   - Chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower 
Virtues are acquired through endeavor, Which rests wholly upon yourself. So, to praise others for their virtues can but encourage one`s own efforts.   -Thomas Paine
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.   -Helen Keller
War is a game that is played with a smile. If you can`t smile, grin. If you can`t grin, keep out of the way `til you can.   -Winston Churchill
War is an art and as such is not susceptible of explanation by fixed formula.   -George Patton
War is an instrument entirely inefficient toward redressing wrong; and multiplies, instead of indemnifying losses.   -Thomas Jefferson
Wars are seldom caused by spontaneous hatreds between people, for peoples in general are too ignorant of one another to have grievances and too indifferent to what goes on beyond their borders to plan conquests. They must be urged to the slaughter by politicians who know how to alarm them.   -Henry Mencken
Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded.   -John McCain
We Americans have no commission from God to police the world.   -Benjamin Harrison
We all agree that your theory is crazy, but is it crazy enough?    - Niels Bohr 
We all want progress, but if you`re on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive.   -C.S. Lewis
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought.   -Bertrand Russell
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.   -Dwight Eisenhower
We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full.   -Marcel Proust
We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn.   -Bill Clinton
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.   -George Bernard Shaw
We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves.   -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
We become what we think about all day long. The question is, `What do you think about?`   -Wayne Dyer
We build too many walls and not enough bridges.   -Isaac Newton
We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan; and a widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing a friend, by what name do we call him? Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence.   -Joseph Roux
We can only reason from what is; we can reason on actualities, but not on possibilities.   -Thomas Paine
We cannot be both the world’s leading champion of peace and the world’s leading supplier of arms.   -Jimmy Carter
We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time.    - Vince Lombardi
We do not need more intellectual power, we need more spiritual power. We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen.   -Calvin Coolidge
We don`t know a millionth of one percent about anything.   -Thomas Edison
We don`t receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.   -Marcel Proust
We firmly believe there is more to life than money, beer, and sex. We just don`t know what it is.   -Aaron Shapiro
We give thanks for unknown blessings already on their way.   -Author Unknown
We have a strange illusion that mere time cancels sin. But mere time does nothing either to the fact or to the guilt of a sin.   -C.S. Lewis
We have art to save ourselves from the truth.    - Friedrich Nietzsche 
We have no government armed with power capable of contending with human passions unbridled by morality and religion. Avarice, ambition, revenge, or gallantry, would break the strongest cords of our Constitution as a whale goes through a net. Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.   -John Adams
We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.   -Lily Tomlin
We have the Bill of Rights.  What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities.   -Bill Maher
We have to do more than just elect a new President if we truly want to change this country.   -Dan Quayle
We humans do not need to leave Earth to get to a hostile, deadly, alien environment; we already have Miami.   -Dave Barry
We know that equality of individual ability has never existed and never will, but we do insist that equality of opportunity still must be sought.   -Franklin D. Roosevelt
We know what happens to people who stay in the middle of the road. They get run over.   -Ambrose Bierce
We live, in fact, in a world starved for solitude, silence, and private: and therefore starved for meditation and true friendship.   -C.S. Lewis
We must learn to live together as brothers, or perish together as fools.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
We must never forget that art is not a form of propaganda; it is a form of truth.   -John F. Kennedy
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success.   -Henry Thoreau
We need not think alike to love alike.   -Francis David
We need true tax reform that will at least make a start toward restoring for our children the American Dream that wealth is denied to no one, that each individual has the right to fly as high as his strength and ability will take him.   -Ronald Reagan
We regard God as an airman regards his parachute; it`s there for emergencies but he hopes he`ll never have to use it.   -C.S. Lewis
We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don`t think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you`re hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time.   -Art Buchwald
We shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, in order to assure the survival and the success of liberty.   -John F. Kennedy
We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality.   -Albert Einstein
We who engage in nonviolent direct action are not the creators of tension. We merely bring to the surface the hidden tension that is already alive.   -Martin Luther King Jr.
We`re actors--we`re the opposite of people.   -Tom Stoppard
We`re in a war, dammit! We`re going to have to offend somebody!   -John Adams
We`re not all alike but we can all like each other.   -Jason Mechalek
We`ve got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen.   -D.H. Lawrence
Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It`s what separates us from the animals... except the weasel.   -Homer Simpson
Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable.   -Ambrose Bierce
Well done is better than well said.   -Benjamin Franklin
Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they?   -George Carlin
Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech.   -Martin Farquhar Tupper
Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn.   -Rebecca West
What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death.   -Dave Barry
What a man believes upon grossly insufficient evidence is an index into his desires -- desires of which he himself is often unconscious. If a man is offered a fact which goes against his instincts, he will scrutinize it closely, and unless the evidence is overwhelming, he will refuse to believe it. If, on the other hand, he is offered something which affords a reason for acting in accordance to his instincts, he will accept it even on the slightest evidence. The origin of myths is explained in this way.   -Bertrand Russell
What a queer thing is Christian salvation! Believing in firemen will not save a burning house; believing in doctors will not make one well, but believing in a savior saves men. Fudge!   -Lemuel Washburn
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?   -George Eliot
What is art but a way of seeing?   -Saul Bellow
What is good? Everything that heightens the feeling of power in man, the will to power, power itself.   -Friedrich Nietzsche
What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome.   -Friedrich Nietzsche
What is now proved was once only imagined.   -William Blake
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies with in us.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
What makes us men is that we can think logically. What makes us human is that we sometimes choose not to.   -Roger Ebert
What some call health, if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet, isn`t much better than tedious disease.   -George Dennison Prentice
What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly.   -Thomas Paine
What`s another word for thesaurus?   -Steven Wright
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.   -Benjamin Franklin
When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I only think about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.    - Buckminster Fuller 
When I come up against a director who has a concept that I don`t agree with, or maybe I just haven`t thought of it or whatever, I`d be more prone to go with them than my own because I want to be out of control as an actor, I want them to have the control, otherwise it`s going to become predictably my work, and that`s not fun.   -Jack Nicholson
When I do good, I feel good; when I do bad, I feel bad. That’s my religion.   -Abraham Lincoln
When I hear somebody sigh, `Life is hard,` I am always tempted to ask, `Compared to what?`   -Sydney Harris
When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can`t be much good.   -T.S. Eliot
When I study philosophical works I feel I am swallowing something which I don`t have in my mouth.   -Albert Einstein
When I was younger I could remember anything, whether it happened or not.   -Mark Twain
When I`m hungry, I eat. When I`m thirsty, I drink. When I feel like saying something, I say it.   -Madonna Ciccone
When a thing has been said and well, have no scruple. Take it and copy it.   -Anatole France
When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea.  He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect.   -Adlai Stevenson
When angry count to four; when very angry, swear.   -Mark Twain
When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred.   -Thomas Jefferson
When asked, `How do you write?` I invariably answer, `one word at a time.`   -Stephen King
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.   -Edmund Burke
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I`ve never tried before.   -Mae West
When good men die their goodness does not perish, but lives though they are gone. As for the bad, all that was theirs dies and is buried with them.   -Euripides 
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before.   -Jacob August Riis
When people stop believing in God, they don`t believe in nothing -- they believe in anything.   -GK Chesterton
When the president does it that means that it is not illegal.   -Richard Nixon
When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer `Present` or `Not guilty.`   -Theodore Roosevelt
When we are debating an issue, loyalty means giving me your honest opinion, whether you think I`ll like it or not. Disagreement, at this stage, stimulates me. But once a decision has been made, the debate ends. From that point on, loyalty means executing the decision as if it were your own.   -Colin Powell
When we are out of sympathy with the young, then I think our work in this world is over.   -George MacDonald
When we ask for advice, we are usually looking for an accomplice.   -Saul Bellow
When we die, our bodies are buried.  When we live, our souls are buried.   -Jason Mechalek
When we know what God is, we shall be gods ourselves.   -George Bernard Shaw
When we played softball, I`d steal second base, feel guilty and go back.   -Woody Allen
When you appeal to force, there`s one thing you must never do - lose.   -Dwight Eisenhower
When you are arguing against Him you are arguing against the very power that makes you able to argue at all.   -C.S. Lewis
When you become senile, you won`t know it.   -Bill Cosby
When you break the big laws, you do not get freedom; you do not even get anarchy. You get the small laws.   -GK Chesterton
When you cease to make a contribution; you begin to die.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
When you come to a fork in the road, take it.   -Yogi Berra
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.    - George Washington Carver 
When you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you.    - Friedrich Nietzsche 
When you get right down to it, the Safety Lecture is a silly idea. I mean, if the passengers really thought the plane was going to crash, they wouldn`t get on it in the first place, let alone learn how to get an adequate oxygen supply on the way down.   -Dave Barry
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.   -Franklin D. Roosevelt
When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite.    - Sir Winston Churchill 
When you`re as great as I am, it`s hard to be humble.   -Muhammad Ali
When you`re comfortable with someone you love, the silence is the best.   -Britney Spears
When you`re through changing, you`re through.   -Bruce Barton
Whenever I climb I am followed by a dog called 'Ego'.    - Friedrich Nietzsche 
Whenever a man`s friends begin to compliment him about looking young, he may be sure that they think he is growing old.   -Victor Hugo
Whenever science makes a discovery, the devil grabs it while the angels are debating the best way to use it.   -Alan Valentine
Whenever you find a man who says he doesn`t believe in a real Right and Wrong, you will find the same man going back on this a moment later.   -C.S. Lewis
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it`s time to pause and reflect.   -Mark Twain
Whenever you want to marry someone, go have lunch with his ex-wife.   -Francis William Bourdillon
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.   -Walter Lippman
Where are we going, and why am I in this handbasket?    - Bumper Sticker
Where there is no exaggeration there is no love, and where there is no love there is no understanding.   -Oscar Wilde
Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right.    - Henry Ford 
Which painting in the National Gallery would I save if there was a fire? The one nearest the door of course.   -George Bernard Shaw
While I do not suggest that humanity will ever be able to dispense with its martyrs, I cannot avoid the suspicion that with a little more thought and a little less belief their number may be substantially reduced.   -J.B.S. Haldane
While we are postponing, life speeds by.    - Seneca 
Who can endure a doctrine which would allow only dentists to say whether our teeth were aching, only cobblers to say whether our shoes hurt us, and only governments to tell us whether we were being well governed?   -C.S. Lewis
Whoever wants to reach a distant goal must take small steps.   -Saul Bellow
Whoso loves believes the impossible.   -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Why are people`s ``deepest desires`` always so shallow?   -Author Unknown
Why be something to everybody when you can be everything to somebody?   -GK Chesterton
Why buy good luggage? You only use it when you travel.   -Yogi Berra
Why is it that you physicists always require so much expensive equipment? Now the Department of Mathematics requires nothing but money for paper, pencils, and erasers...and the Department of Philosophy is better still. It doesn`t even ask for erasers.   -Isaac Asimov
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?   -Steven Wright
Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears.   -Winston Churchill
Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the curious attraction of others.   -Oscar Wilde
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.   -Vince Lombardi
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.   -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.   -Kahlil Gibran
Wise men are instructed by reason; men of less understanding, by experience; the most ignorant, by necessity; the beasts, by nature.   -Marcus Tullius Cicero
Wise men make proverbs, but fools repeat them.    - Samuel Palmer 
Wit is educated insolence.    - Aristotle 
Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza.   -Dave Barry
Without the aid of trained emotions the intellect is powerless against the animal organism.   -C.S. Lewis
Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our gigantic intellects.   -Oscar Wilde
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.    - Sharon Stone
Words may show a man`s wit but actions his meaning.   -Benjamin Franklin
Work is something you can count on, a trusted, lifelong friend who never deserts you.   -Margaret Bourke-White
You are apprehensive of monarchy; I, of aristocracy. I would therefore have given more power to the President and less to the Senate.   -John Adams
You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I`m not hungry enough to eat six.   -Yogi Berra
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.   -Al Capone
You can have everything in life that you want if you just give enough other people what they want.   -Zig Ziglar
You can have it all. You just can`t have it all at once.   -Oprah Winfrey
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.   -Dale Carnegie
You can never plan the future by the past.   -Edmund Burke
You can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it.    - Gilbert Keith Chesterton 
You can`t buy love, but you can pay heavily for it.   -Henny Youngman
You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, what you do not understand.   -Leonardo da Vinci
You do not lead by hitting people over the head — that`s assault, not leadership.   -Dwight Eisenhower
You don`t have to deserve your mother`s love. You have to deserve your father`s.   -Robert Frost
You don`t need to be `straight` to fight and die for your country. You just need to shoot straight.   -Barry Goldwater
You don`t take a photograph, you make it.   -Ansel Adams
You give 100 percent in the first half of the game, and if that isn`t enough in the second half you give what`s left.   -Yogi Berra
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
You may have genius. The contrary is, of course, probable.   -Oliver Wendell Holmes
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.   -Eleanor Roosevelt
You only lie to two people in your life: your girlfriend and the police.   -Jack Nicholson
You should do your own car repairs. It`s an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life.   -Dave Barry
You won`t get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it.   -John Lennon
Your life story would not make a good book. Don`t even try.   -Fran Lebowitz
Youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.   -Aristotle 
``I want to thank Gus Van Sant for selling out so that I could use his editor Curtis Clayton, who did a great job.   -Vincent Gallo
“Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.   -Dale Carnegie
